POS ?rt : the bigger the better....if you know what i mean EMO_HAPPY
POS listening to the "new age" station on ?
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- drake and josh - the storm "we will rock you"
POS i didnt mean knee high i ment in lengt it goes down to my knees ^-^ and is so cute i love it!
POS i wana see the vid kyan
NEG if my mom went on for the love of ray j or any reality show i'd bee pissed .
NEU ok so i just got a deal for my own show "for the love of deez nuts" go to vh1/deeznuts to apply ....r you here for deez nuts???
POS welcome to twitter xx
POS oh yeah... however, i'd still like to be in the midst of it all though... you know...
NEU can't say i like the new facebook layout. but just posted pics from my super bowl week. EMO_HAPPY
POS i need a nice tea-drinking pic for our tea club membership page - anyone got one they'd be happy for me to use?
POS so twitpic it lol, i love home depot, love working w/my hands and building things, my dad was in construction
NEG it's enough to make you sick, eh? there's nothing sacred anymore
POS hacienda is now level 80 time to get epic gear for her!!!! oh and maybe some sleep would be good..
NEU dj k-city presents "crank of america" the mixtape. wanna be on it? dm me. pls rt
NEG "iran, with its unity and god's grace, will punch the arrogance (west) 22nd of bahman (feb 11) in a way that will leave them stunned,"
POS wtf, where i come from noone likes metal and hardcore, like 5 of my mates max are fully into metal, it sucks, i love metalll EMO_HAPPY
NEU reasons why entrepreneurs to venture in nursing agencies | best ...: reasons why entrepreneur...
NEG 4wordsonobamashand don't say the n-word
NEG city watchdog in chaos as chief executive hector sants resigns just months before general election
POS rt : god it is a big news day today! by popular demand, "ah! my goddess season 2" will be released in 3 2-disc sets: may, jul, sep.
NEU wow my sis said she gona get a tramp stamp tat laugh out loud i told her it's to late for that ha ha evil laugh
POS sold! would love to be your crazyass big sis -- how could i say no?! cannot believe i broke or minimally battered my toe --
POS yes; hope to release that feature next month
NEU phil collins- you can't hurry love
NEG i need money! i need new car!!! jesus...somebody please buy my old car :ddd
NEG in ny wif and the heavy hitter crew... shout to for looking real gay in the camera...lol...
POS rt : i flip(in) love ! follow them to win a free flip camera! rt please! clothdiapers
NEG well damn! renee still aint playin, is she?! and neither is jack!!
NEG oh, geez, i'd have a lot more songs that way.
NEU i will have some apple chicken sausage delivered to you.
NEG hahahah that was worded weird. i'm reading while a candle is burning in my room
NEU you should follow me while you are at it you tickle my dick with you are comments
NEU rt : you can preview the exclusive tim burton's alice boutique, opening 2/11. it's a curious collection!
NEU pretty much my g..i need a banger..get it to the bloggers..lets do it.
NEU photo: chace crawford?. oh man i can look at pictures of him all day but i have homework to get back to so...
NEU commission ritual.: p.s. i want to make this perfectly clear: commission ritual will get your sites multiple fi..
NEG on insurance and hospitals: i wonder if there is a connection between the hospital system overload and the format...
NEG chilling textin (?) ... to much info..foreal you know its los ward yung squad bitch...
NEU twitter background - reviews, news, and how to geeks: this is my twitter background for my personal twitter.
NEG your busy schedule might not leave you a lot of room today for... more for scorpio
NEU rt : rt : check out - that's a brandname
POS photo: (via fuckyeahkristinchenoweth) omgomgomgomg may 19th
NEU winter olympics: an add-on to the modern games
NEG heres a new idea,how about i get you a spoon so you can read my ass.
NEU equipped a gamma mittens. epicpetwars
POS rt : retweetthisif you want friendsthemovie via _kudrow
NEU as for now nope. use xl for cheaper rate of prepaid and postpaid roaming
NEU it's a bird! it's a plane! it's chris nolan! he'll mentor superman 3.0 and prep 3rd
NEG andy is rambling on c&c this morning - shutup and get on with it man
NEG lol, where are you? i once forgot the car completely and left home without it.
NEU grow on twitter with tweet automator
NEG and yet they are a minority ... despite the election law being changed to skew things in aoun's favor, they remain a minority
NEU count the sheeps and you can sleep EMO_HAPPY rt it's time to sleep actually but i can't sleep..hmmm i'll try
POS the newest member of _________________! yehbuddy
POS hey adam, jpizzle1122 (the microwave dude on utube) seems to have a good live stream for mw2, maybe ask for his help?
POS little caesars large cheese or pepperoni - no limit - 2/10 for $3.99:
NEG oh my goodness i'm emo
NEG _jee wait wait wait...im confused...are you there?
POS rt : new arran malt competition just posted on: free bottle and chocolates
NEG emm, my lip is starting to hurt EMO_HAPPY
NEG finally off work. gonna go home and try to sleep whatever this is off so i can go to my other job. i hate to miss work
NEG ted travel off to rocky start thanks to wayward wallet. just made my flight, but horridly tense.
POS rt 50+ awesome twitter tips to become a pro via
POS i was thinking that i wanna make a cake party in my house :o! laugh out loud
POS check it out! in the middle of london! so cool!
NEU this cares about internet marketing resources. kitti joined this as a marketer.
POS mountains, trees, and beautiful cotton-ish blue sky! i will fly! EMO_HAPPY
POS follow me? please...(: your great and it would make my day. btw, i wanna shampoo your hair ;d lmao. 3
NEU rt : rt last chance to meet in bangkok w/ . tell your friends & increase the chance of winning together-
NEU lets trade mcnabb to the broncos and get brandon marshall. that team has potential...not w/ kyle orton at qb tho.
NEU rt : i hereby name all the kurt fans as the "kurtsies."
NEU i thought about saying "underwhelming" instead of disappointing but one must maintain standards, even in the face of snowmageddon
POS hi there! nice to see you back!
NEU topic "????:iredadmin-pro-1.1.0" in forum ????? by zhanghuangbin. iredmail
NEU quick tip: how to work with -face:-
POS rt : i ? new york!
NEU rt : the top 10 novels in modern library's reader's picks list include four by ayn rand and three by l. ron hubbard. america, you scare me.
NEU rt _juknow you gotta make you are page private hun... that'll cut them down a lot <
POS my coffin has already been reshaped as it's going with me!!!
NEU rt : selected opensocial ning apps are now available on github, via apache 2.0 license:
POS i went to hot power yoga and i loved it. much better than bikram to me. power good. hot good. sweat good. what's not to love? stinky
NEG lol, well i considered posting something normal, but since when have i been normal.
NEU google traffic pump pro system.: how to get targeted leads and massive traffic to any website in 15 minutes or less!
NEU rt welcome! we have 4 inches in new albany and still coming down.
NEG it saddens my heart 2 c women with black eyes! EMO_HAPPY
NEU ?aaaaaaah , e aparece a no clipe :b *-* ( live on
NEG i cant feel my feet.. that cant be good..
NEU rt : ??????????????rt _tw: ????????????rt ?????xperia?????????????30??
POS i hope so dude hahaha <3. so, which subject do you have right now? xx
NEG he's been ranting about this for years rt finally blogged "business is conducted by people, not users"
NEU questions galore in my heart i try to sleep. a little hurt, a little lonely,a little confused,a little in love, a little smooth,a li'l rough
POS rt _493: happy birthday to carole king b.1942, carmen miranda 1909,
NEU EMO_HAPPY rt : keith hernandez and daniel murphy already have begun working out together in port st. lucie. mets
POS going to get jubby's valentines day gift with some assistance from lee and shane:) finally got my car registered:) work monday-friday 12-4 ?
NEG about to spend the next couple of hours of my life working for the man
NEG rt : i should of threw my self on the floor and screamed (bro you would be gettin a fat check if you had done dat)
POS need to find a red all lace see thru dress (like my black one)for my friend brian goins red && black birthday party this weekend;;his gift!
POS well deserved. seems emblematic of a new bbc confidence unashamedly to produce docs that are pitched at more advanced level.
NEG yea, that's y i'm not supposed to use it, they wanna attribute all the results to the mouthwash, without chewing gum to help it.
NEU rt : the helping haiti charity single for "everybody hurts" is available for download at
NEG _son how dare you i am now* your darklordwaffle pimp now hoe work that corner *pimp slaps*
NEU well on the bright side if the conservatives win the general elections the scots can stop leeching from the english purse!
POS learning about water heaters - ah the joys of home ownership - and still being single : )
NEU personal branding is all about how you execute the brand | jupdi blogs: like many people possibly think, personal ...
NEU - makeupkase
POS 2 cans of full fat coke and im bouncing round the place.
NEU my business is free to join and makes me $12000 a month
NEU rt : and so the rain begins here in studio city...
NEU turns out i got the dates mixed up.. match is tomorrow so off to bed peeps... c ya all at 4... gnite n sweet dreams
NEG porn!?! shit wont be e z my g! trust me i tried! rt i think i know what i am giving up for lent...it won'...
NEU "i wanna be the minority, i dont need your authority, down with the moral majority"
POS i'm so super duper excitied right now cuz' i'm gonna watch harry potter !
POS hey! going to see you in dundrum on friday:) i was talking to you are mam(my teacher) today:) no schol because im going to you:)x
NEU every body check out yung purp on myspace @ rod-kush and yung purp muzik page hit single "put me in ya research"
NEU leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. -john f. kennedy
NEU [blognetnewshr] bearing drift: randy forbes: name that salary cut: number of comments: 1congressman randy forbes ...
POS rt : "i lift my eyes up to you, to you whose throne is in heaven." ps. 123:1... EMO_HAPPY // love it. and the maker of heaven & earth EMO_HAPPY
NEU youtube - state of the union - american idle
POS how to succeed in the age of going solo? a great article for everyone to read in the wsj.
NEU hahah yayyy!! we miss you so much, even moby! xp haha ya we have to find joe bahah :d
NEU rt ?! ???? 750???
POS what disneyworld commercial? he's the saints qb and is sooo cute EMO_HAPPY
NEG las year i was so stressed out i forgot i was my birthday. didn't figure it out til 730 that night. my bad.
NEU ah twitter. oh ive missed updating you from my phone. its all over now and dont worry. back in action !
NEU free guide: getting your law firm videos found on youtube
POS devote yourself to prayer, being watchful and thankful. very good verse & a great way 2 start a day! have a fun day in pc!
NEG just back from a walk with the doggies. got caught in a hail storm - hailstones really sting when they're lashing down on your face!
POS to better understand me laugh out loud -> rt i'm going back to school@ doing a free 5 week automotive course! EMO_HAPPY
NEU auto insert xml-feed in joomla ez-realty by chadutz: means we need an rss-feed-reader component that auto inserts ...
POS and simon peter answered and said, thou art the christ, the son of the living god. matthew 16:16 jesus loves you
NEG bored with waiting for the ipad to come out so i've made my own out of a journos pad and some spray mount
NEG so i have come to the conclusions that there's bitches who dnt like me on here bt follow what the fuck i gotta say!
POS rock onrt : billzucker: i love _old_man (cont)
POS rt who wants to laugh?
NEG my clothes smell like weed, vomit and chicken. and i didnt smoke. nor vomit. and most unfortunately didn't eat chicken. nice -_-
NEG it took 2 hours rummaging through my receipt drawer only to learn i?d lost the receipt, isn?t there a better way?
NEG conferences have never made me wish to have a child. ever. what are you drinking @ said cons??
POS i favorited a youtube video -- zooey deschanel in weeds
NEU the tweep most like you is . others are and . full list at
NEG ugh... if i have too much of the gogo juice i get a bad stomach ache
NEG urgh i'm soo bored and tired. text. call, anything. hmm i must find things to multi task on now!
POS guayadeque - nice music player | ubuntu geek: music player with the aims to be intuitive, easy to use and fast eve...
POS wahooooo! the ho-ness has been a bit too thin on the ground today! x
NEG headed to human resources class. now i know why michael hates toby so much.
NEU what do you call a fish with no eyes?
NEU listening "all these things that i've done - the killers"
NEU rt : getting access to health care for people with physical disabilities:
POS i love p2p but was worried about isps keeping my logs. with yourprivatevpn i don't have to worry anymore.
NEU best of personal finance roundup: what you need to know about social security
NEU the starring of e of ?spindustry? it creates special concerning the world of im exec pr! sunday february 21...
POS bab girls club was funny ass shyt can't wait til the reuion shw
POS rt : don't forget to watch the falloutnewvegas teaser & rt for a chance to win a signed fnv poster must be 18+
NEG my moms a retard for reading my texts and thinking my most recent tweet was inapproprate
NEU playgirl print magazine cover to feature teenage dad of sarah palin's grandson - the canadian press
NEU _phenom
NEU rt _tips: inflated tweet count fix should be ready by tomorrow!
NEU rt : super nanny takes on violent videogames: the childcare expert conclusively proves that playing shooters makes kids...
NEU rt : i swearfolawd that betta be your navel and not your dick< and i swearfolawd the pussy better be better than the head...lmao
NEU n'gog had a difficult game playing against vermalen and gallas. still think he is better as an impact sub than a starter
NEU woodstoves made easy at
NEG rt : retirement: don't run out of money before you run out of time finances boomer retirement
NEG so i missed bgc again this wk...can some tell me wht happened
NEG everyone says to give up on you, but they don't see you like i do.
NEG yep, sumtimes beatings or spankings ultimately lead the child 2 b more rebellious...not me tho, my momz hitz were effective lol.
NEG after these shows i'm callin it a early nite, been up early and already gettin sleepy!!
NEU gamepocalypse ep.1 records tonight - send us your questions and vote on what sean will play next! -
NEU oh, well the stadium of fire thing i was talking about is in utah...
POS no beer for me today either. but i am enjoying the 2008 odonata grenache.
POS free: star bucks gift card
NEU atlanta nightclub vip tables and bottle service | my favorite sin
NEU o_o thefuck?? rt _easy pull out bruh rt : _lady22 lol! let me stop messin wit you before you get preg over twitter.
NEU landed in min on time. no turbulence, delays, or bickering so far. must find ac for puter to watch last mon's "24" or my trip will be ruined
NEU _bear44 wait. "goodnight sweet dreams" doesn't mean just friends? and sorry bout the 'tide. i didn't feel so well
POS rt _grammer: so google buzz is a hot topic look at the offical google [video] - and you will love it go google
POS guess whats driving on the way to my house EMO_HAPPY
POS and verizon to reduce the fees they charge for their airtime, and now if they're successful w/their high speed effort, they'll create the
POS i got one more song to finish EMO_HAPPY then i will send it
NEU rt : rt+1 : this needs an awareness
NEG rt sorry i've been quiet on the tweetside, i'm just really into right now ( << its addictive.
NEG just watched 10 minutes of house of payne cause i didnt want to get up and look for the remote.
POS having english class now, we're doing profiles to ning.com, not so different from my freetime :d
POS hey thats a good news. what is the name of that film.
NEG i just fell asleep, at the most, three and a half hours ago. why the bitch am i awake?
NEU nowplaying cyborg ? p-model in ipod app via
POS thanks again to ken for this rt @ now on fred: _no_show interview w/ james cameron, emperor of everything...
NEU espn names gators oc/asst head coach steve addazio national ncaa sports
NEU (3) adilitydeal.com coupons deals. | internet coupons and discounts: as a high school student working at a local pizza pub in jefferso...
NEU a photo editor - ad agency guide to photography usage terms: as with photography, when negotiating with talent the...
POS rt : i just entered the competition to win a samsung laptop. to enter, follow & rt
POS rt : cool photo spread and interview in wanted magazine. photos interview
NEU css modify web template by jamesallwood: hi. i have a css static template from templatemonster that i need some m...
POS today in history: 1971 satchel paige becomes 1st negro-league player elected to baseball hall of fame. (via ) (via _milano)
NEU pants on the ground...cause you wasted @ scotts..3100 fountain view on richmond strip...(((all-star official)))party for thursday
NEG rt : if you can't lick or stick then i must tell you itaintthatgoodman so introduce me to your best friend<
NEU currently part of a buzz whose sole purpose seems to be figuring out how to prevent scoble from being a "buzz kill" (lol)
NEG pssshh yal bugging i never shovel snow a day in my life!!! laugh out loud
POS today has been insane(ly good). so excited for my colleagues who have done so much great work deserving of natl recognition. nplan phlp
NEG i'm shocked, nay appalled, to hear that you are regularly communicating with your constituents. and caught on tape! ^
POS thanks, we hope you enjoy it and welcome your input on what you'd like to see!
POS whether you like me or not i would like to take this time out of my day and let yall know i love yall
POS laugh out loud tell him i got a bottle of graduates banana flava waitin for him laugh my ass off
POS "society may tolerate you, acquaintances may accept you, but friends understand you." quote
POS it appears that you have everything under control and your pos... more for leo
POS oh okay..so thats how you do?..lol..copy and paste like that...lol
POS home after lucia's and key skills this morning; had to attend due to a guest speaker talking about uni - got me even more excited! eeee :d
NEU i haven't watched the newest episode of lost yet, but i do have 5555 miles on my car. so there!
POS rt to all my new & old friends: i know i'm behind on my thanks 4 follows, retweets, ff's, etc. 4give the lapse. i do love ya!
NEG rt mervyn king says he can't think of any reason why the uk would lose it's aaa rating - now will george osborne shut up?
NEU hey ive just made my twitter, how do you talk to people on heree?
POS satria dong sa ! si dika mah geleh ah hahahah
NEU farmville players send 220 million valentine's day virtual gifts ...: whenever i discuss virtual goods and the fac...
NEG and obviously not forgetting the fact i'm gonna feel 122356325x worse EMO_HAPPY oh well...
POS formspring.me - what would you like for valentine?s day? yummy truffles, stargazer lillies, a donation to...
NEU bob dylan ? lenny bruce
NEU eh dia bos loh bdnny kok bau panas(?) yh?msh pagi loh ini
NEU rt : demi lovato writing new song with nick jonas
NEG that's the only game you have?
POS even when shit get hard - im going to - make sure that im around to hold you [ down ] - i`ll never leave ya side until tha day i die .
POS a+, would laugh out loud again.
NEU to find actors of close age.. to get the book's description.. just like when they got daniel radcliffe for harry potter.. cont'd
NEG why do hong kong people like to have their air cons on supercold!?!?! man, i need some socks or something!!!!
POS rt check out on it's my time and vote for us EMO_HAPPY
NEG what happened to snow at 6 pm?
POS thank you for rewarding me for my crazy day. the guy at subway gave me a free cookie, but this is muuuuch better!
POS 10 absolutely jaw dropping concept car designs
NEG i can feel that theres a growing pimple on my nose EMO_HAPPY
POS great sunny days with in the beauty mountains of bc...crew was sending!
NEU new blog post: can someone help my bro and his angels & demons obsession?
NEG whats that ?? you no me im at work = (
POS found some cool free twitter backgrounds @ check it out!! backgrounds twitter
NEU lmao.. i am. but i mean this snow is annoyin rt : how can you are life suck you have me then you are boyfriend..btw you still with him>?
NEU self defense is a state of mind, it involves every aspect of our lives, our physical, mental and emotional safety.
NEG _obsesdx for sme reason my eyes burn too I don't know 
POS sama2 sayang ? ? : great wednesday ? thanks to et all to be the part of my superb day EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt _hle: ii am leaveinq ; n imma delete my twitter ; n who wants my photoshop? <---ill take it EMO_HAPPY
POS "i pray also that the eyes of your heart may be enlightened in order that you may know the hope to which he has called you..." eph1:18
NEG rt : avoid-an-audit-6-red-flags-you-should-know
NEG fuel-consumption data indicates weak growth i first we had rail traffic data: now we have this and with msm spin, too
NEU rt : product review - foundation
NEU the hollywood reporter | heat vision | comics | movie news:tim ...: tim robbins is joining the cast of "green lant...
NEG pressure mounting at sunderland: lorik cana: sunderland's winless run extended to 12 games following 1-1 ... telegraph
NEU samsung mobile phones-there is one for everyone: south korea during samsung gro... mobile marketing
POS makin' birthday macaroons that i shall drizzle with caramel sauce. oh yeah. i do shit up big.
NEU one question, who thinks this is the real ?
POS heh me too actually... tho kannur i still kinda alive cause a close uncle lives there.. had been thr last week for theyyam \m/
NEU yes, according to the amt you have in your possession. its always been like that. a base head (my sis) told me
NEU at wok i just tell people i have eczema laugh out loud that i am itching my dry skin. probs just as bad laugh out loud
POS ground is covered in snow outside but spring is in full bloom in attica's kitchen we are pouring beautiful hyacinth soy candles for the shop
NEG i don't like bein stuck in the house i'd rather go to class
NEU rt : aerial photographs released of twin towers' collapse
POS girl bye..yuh kno not... bgc jux came on and tha >otha otha< iznt gonna miss that...do yuh watch it??
NEG i am so pissed! me and my boyfriend broke up today! i broke up with him for the recorde!
NEU rt : _la_la yes. exhibit a: olivia benson in "law and order: svu" circa season 7 & 8.
NEG is csi investigating brakes tampering, or a little nitro in the engine? gd luck in nationwide race nascar
NEG update. EMO_HAPPY dead nanaman ako nito. (doh) sorry ate mona. EMO_HAPPY
NEG omfg i cannot believe you just tweeted that? are you effn serious with me?!
NEG ninjas got mills$ i just want a couple too... so bad bout to cry? me a 50? juice?...
NEG laugh out loud ohh i think i lost someone today realized it wasnt meant to be and hurts
POS rt : rt : there are people on here just waiting to help..never underestimate twitter warriors 4 haiti!
NEU once again all the fun is overthere...... we miss you overseas EMO_HAPPY
NEG you guys are so stupid, seriously. fighting over people you will never get. haha.
NEG i don't understand. i really don't. this course feels wrong, hospital radio isn't right, and i'm not happy.
NEG arcelormittal posts $1.68 billon loss for 2009
NEU _raschel laugh my ass off yes it was laugh out loud i wasnt gonna put that pic up laugh out loud
NEG rt where is the, where is the, where is the toilet tissue???? fuck!!!!!!<~~~it's ok, you've been blessed with 2 hands..pick 1
NEG but i really not like the spring in macau, it's too wet!!
NEU designerdepot: how ipad affects the way we design websites? via
POS fresh out the shower ; currently watchinq the steve wilkos show.
NEU rt : [echo'd] : follow tuesday (cont)
NEU decidedly not a good day. my bed never looked so welcoming.
NEU jerry reed ' blue moon of kentucky'
NEG darkeness in the shadows of dc. bethesda, md has no power for 4 days..snow, 30 inches, unploughed.. is this the new america? rt
NEU is tonight's guest at 6pm on 91.3fm and wyep.org
POS i just entered to win a skooba design messenger bag! follow (daily contests) and comment to win
POS hot deal! me to you love you ?4 off from h samuel
NEU is nobody going to join my -we are englsih and dont like english summer's- crew? EMO_HAPPY
NEU _vs1 word i think he a brooklyn nigga laugh out loud
NEU _tyrel you are my sheep?? and is lil bow trash heep laugh my ass off o
POS _1 bit of both with a meeting thrown in for good measure. what time you off down the track?
POS thanks snowmageddon for getting me out of tomorrow's test! you're the best (until shoveling time comes, that is.)
NEU spotted backstage: ted staffers sneaking in to watch the lxd rehearse. a-ma-zing.
NEU rt : hard rock? rip anna nicole! freeweezy get money, son! made a hundo, goin to see fv n the 4seasons live freeweezy
POS rt : my school has an sql injection bug in their site. gotta love being a better programmer than the professionals.
NEU yawl remember when bobby valentino came out? slow down was the summer jammmmmmmmm
POS i love usher 2! rt : i love usher like love bow weezy! so damn serious i've been playin his ish ova and ova all day!
NEG first aid isn't possible - you need a fresh start - reanimating a corpse is not first aid.
NEU wfh until my delivery appears today, then off to glamourville
NEG i hate lloyds bank. they want me to phone them up everytime i want to do something. i fact i hate banks in general.
NEG rt : dbl check who you are hangin with:: many people think they're wise,, because they're hanging with idiots (who you wit?)
NEG rt : "are you ok?" i'm crying my eyes out do i look f-ing ok!?! idothat2
NEU interesting! rt : free is not a marketing tool interesting post on make and meaning
POS pretty dope funk thing by my boy _typ => hands to hats:
POS your relationships are likely to be more satisfying now as lov... more for pisces
NEU rt : sade to take no. 1 on billboard 200 next week welcomeback sade gfm (via )
NEU the possibility of exploring new territory or enrolling in an ... more for cancer
POS rt : fist pumping my small asian ass off at bogies with pauly d! the ladies call me the predicament. holla at cha boy snooki!!!
NEU pizza hut looks to start a pick up line meme on twitter mashable.com marketing pizzahut
NEG breaking news : british fashion designer mcqueen found dead at 40 (ap): ap - his runway shows were often like perf...
NEU i sound higher pitched in my head.
NEU has created a group on fof for the co-oping part of fans of film channel that will offer the 100% model
NEU dosage requirements for black seeds (nigella sativa) nigellasativa
POS she picks such great songs to cover too. her death cab cover has me melting right now. i need to learn to play the guitar.
NEU i say even if you cant sleep over, you should totally hang out EMO_HAPPY or sleepover then go to work from there! EMO_HAPPY
NEU me & got a 500 piece puzzle to put together. yes, that's how boring we are. but it is quite pretty and i can't wait til it's done!
POS yes, met them all at gridlock and for 3 days at namm. all of them are very nice and love their fans. the acoustic set- amazing!
POS rt _over: rt _over the "do lover" on valentines day?!! can i get a hell yeah, people!!!?!!! pumped
NEU waiting for the 00 to come up and give a push, 11th after 21
POS bouta leave tysons and head to my herndon salon and get my nails toes wax did hayyyyyyyy EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : twitter success = sharing, caring, listening, retweeting, humor & being yourself! via
NEU listening to "face tomorrow - darkside" ?
NEG the snow keeps falling here. i will have to shovel again soon ..
NEU kenya: kenyans, business, health, jobs, life, travel, town, nairobi, people via
NEG its a very sad loss especially to the fashion industry
NEG fuck yo room drizzy..errybody thats in there come joint us = ]
NEG thanks for nothing mr. president: to the editor:
POS video: luckyshirt: i?m a huge fan of movie scores. big, dramatic, heart wrenching soundtracks. thanks for...
NEU - hurry lobsterjustin...hurry and leave a comment like you do on every other one of shannon's pics.
NEU you got it.. "ask me anything"
NEG off to a wack place i call school.
NEG whatsworsethan dog shit on yo shoe and you track it in yo house
NEG rip alexander mcqueen. i can't believe this. EMO_HAPPY
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- 12 a historia de lilly braun
NEG the 'miss me yet?' billboard. my answer would be absolutely not.
NEU new blog post sylvania 68846 h44gs-100/mdsksp mercury vapor black light here:
NEU i'm going to buy vanity fair because the maine's in it. i'm lame.
NEG if he ever sees that i blipped it; he'll know! but, it applies to me too! ?
POS porsche 911 gt3 rs hybrid (via ) // me likey. but, they need to pick up the pace on production cars.
NEG just drink a bottle of bleach and stop bothering people.
NEU kevin falness checks in for the minnesota wild post-post-game show on wcco!
NEU breaking the news to my students that most of them suck at writing. today's going to be a good day.
NEG rt petpeeve the belief that material possessions make you better than the next person.
NEU i've had culture shock all my life. good times.
NEU let the rain fall down EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : man. utd.: giggs elbow concern for united
POS watch samson & delihja (stop motion i made today!) on vimeo!
NEG like how you guys think that my thesis topic is boring. i mean, i already know it is. no need to keep telling me repeatedly.
NEU laugh out loud no you did not and..... why does that not surprise me?
POS lmaoooo, anyways, g'morning my tweets; hope your day will be as wonderful as mine!
POS the story of my life:) mnig
NEU i posted 10 photos on facebook in the album "triathlon/duathlon/vtt/trail"
NEU design your own shirts, caps, mugs and more.
NEG apple : tech today: google jolts telecom rivals; apple is in tv-pric -
NEG desperate bid to catch flight lands father and son in custody: a desperate bid to catch a?
NEG rt : jealous....i need to be having breakfast with u. << all gone EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : dio cancer latest:
POS _chipmunk *nods and finishs them the pulls out a cookie* mmm
NEG __sam yeeea...scuzzin bluzzin im in the cribberzzz, my fault for not seein yur tweet, dylan online rite now.
NEU game review: magic (36-17 ) 107, bulls (25-26) 87: chicago, activity their 4th mettlesome in 5 nights, and withou...
NEG that's so sad! rip walt ratterman.....my heartfelt sympathy to his family, friends and colleagues.
NEU the theme is here :
NEU jack nicklaus, gary player, arnold palmer, lee trevino and greg norman have more than a couple things...
NEG i was playing with you EMO_HAPPY so where do you want to go
NEU kasian bgt lu gab:(ckck rt : wah mampus lu gab! hahahahahaha rt : becaus he's a gay, (cont)
NEU _michelle ah righttt. they're good then, yeah? i've not heard of them. ..you should recommend some songs for me to download. EMO_HAPPY
NEG bad weather on holiday x( x( have nothing but to sleep in a warm room with a comfortable bad..
NEG thinkin i should wash my hair before i get it done tomorrow... decisions decisions... hmmm
POS starting to really love when i look at you by miley. it's a really sweet song.
NEU cholesterol linked to alzheimer?s: article in ny times. bios life slim for natural cholesterol reduction
NEG hi lizzy. i know you guys really got a lot of snow. they closed our new york office yesterday at 11:30
POS i currently have a gay man with an english accent fixing my washing machine. this is awesome.
NEU chels303
NEG charlie wilson, us politician who secretly funded cia in afghanistan, dies
NEG all of a sudden i feel incredibly lonely...i blame the cold weather and hormones...and v-day...damnit, where are my pills?
NEU im recording these songs tryna finish up my mixtape
NEG rt : alexander mcqueen, the rumours are true. poor boy rip.
NEG EMO_HAPPY i can't wait to move out, just so i can decorate and have a decent looking, tidy, clean house/flat, instead of this shithole.
NEU ha - no not yet. but i will! EMO_HAPPY
NEU taking time off line to pray for friends, mentors and partners in ministry. challenging times, need to focus and take faith steps
NEU i think this reply is going to be even longer than our last.
NEG rt : petpeeve people being over-affectionate in front of me..its not me hating it just makes me sick!..ex:"no i love you snookie bear..ooh yes i do"
POS tomorrow my husband is coming to visit. and enjoy our 2 year anniversary.
NEU rt : laugh my ass off night twiggas & tweeties. *> twiggas and twitches sounds better laugh out loud b)
POS rt : i'm trying to get people to try a yoga workout for those of you that have never it. it's a great stress reliever and awesome workout..xo
NEG hmm...i need to ask joe who his groomsmen and best man are. and we need to decide on a date. and our honeymoon. meh.
NEU euro mps block data deal with us: the european parliament has blocked a key agreement that allows us ... breakingnews
NEU new blog post newappidea.com website podcast review | bring your app idea to market! here:
NEG hahahaha! if you wanted to be extra bitchy, you could've streamed it via ustream!
NEU from 11pm tonight, it's rubbermench with andy wilson, an indie rock and pop explosion! in o2 abc2, drinks from ?1!!!!
POS hello im jennas bet friend she told me to add you because you are rly cool
POS directory of ezines.: earn $90 per sale! ezine advertising is hot and proven effective! now in our 10th year, char...
NEG bill: dorian gray (por fucker berrouz)
POS i got dat fastrt rt ?noly opelep atht anc ucfk ylrael gdoo cna erad wtah thsi gesmeas syas(only forward if you figure it out)!
NEU mpixpro is giving away a metal mural! i just entered and you should too! (via )
NEG tbh i'm rarther pissed off, just wana get out my house!!
POS it's me! 300 years ago.. (at 0.47 and 1.40 min. shocking blue amazing hotpants! ;-p)
NEG i just lost my voice watching this game.
NEU i'm only watching silent witness until whatserface gets it on with the fit paramedic.
NEU i subscribed to nickyromerotv's channel on youtube
NEU morning EMO_HAPPY time to get up and ready EMO_HAPPY
POS kudos and kindness: officer saves dog from coyotes
POS this weekend: see the end of the world, rock out or swoon back talk east dallas via
POS am listening to this romantic song by asher book called try and smile to my self about how much i'm hoping to have a date in valentine's day
POS i am sure i will find that too..... good to see you peter
POS there is something about the sound of snow that enthralls me..like a feather hitting the ground...silence that encompasses...yet..thunderous
NEG i don't know what it is
NEU damn seen the twit pic of you wit the braids off what happend you stoped believing laugh out loud you told me to believe.....well welcome to the club
NEG - that's because i can beat you .. more than shawn michaels can ..
POS lol. haha, that's hilarious. skyping with you sounds like it's bound to be amusing. xd
NEG whatsworsethan walkin in late to class and havin to sit in the front when you the only negro in there
POS so says to me, no one here said "u should see my vagina!" but we were thinking it!!! i love me some titi...
NEG i wanna snap ya neck and spit on you, you say who arre you who are yoouu!!!
NEG petpeeve when someone you 'befriended' on the internet acts like they know you forreal. i never understood that whole thing.
NEU q:do you like white girls? a:i appreciate all women, i prefer darker skin though....
NEU that is a good q i never thought about before.
POS ?the four most important words in any marriage..."i'll do the dishes." instead just come to the crown & goose where we do the dishes!
POS come to brazil, will meet his brazilian haha i can be! *-* i love you ?
NEU 
NEG bill clinton undergoes heart procedure: an adviser to bill clinton says the former president has had two
POS _s oh yeah, i pass that sign quite frequently. astonishingly, nothing has ever happened to me. go figger. -
NEU _hirowa - ????
NEG you can change the startup sound? how? i didn't think it was possible?
NEG _360 i guess its cause you like ross and jeezy and hardcore shit thats why,but feedback is feedback.
NEG to the idiot outside, we didn't make the snowman right outside our window for no reason. thanks for killing my first snowman jackass! EMO_HAPPY
NEU eh kok lo serius sih? gue kan bercanda nggirt : terus gmn nih? rt... (read the rest of this at
NEG so john mayer said the "n word". i said crack/honkie 46 times today. is my penis racist i think not. i like wh girls to.
NEU please retweet ( ) - and bday <-- rsvp here
NEG bait is too 08 kita! somethin new please! noshade rt : he the bait but his phone is shot the hell up!
POS find art retreats, painting, photography and other creative courses throughout europe. go to krazart!
POS i used to sit around & draw pictures of dicks ! dicks ? like a man dick ?! lmfaooo ! superbad is my shxt ! haha
NEU rt : banner is done! check them out at :d
NEG .find() with simple :join: hello all, i about to pull my hair out. i have two models "activities" and "activity_...
NEU laugh out loud i posted it here on twitter that saints would win.. when you asked who would win EMO_HAPPY i didnt bet any money laugh out loud
NEU they get depressed. so i gotta cuddle them lots to help their low immunity.
NEU rt : watch rammstein's new video here with sound intact (unlike on youtube)!
NEU rt : 7 book marketing lessons from virgin's richard branson- by
POS rt : protect the rights of people to protest
NEU ti-84 plus silver edition graphing calculator texas
NEU want your ex back? learn how before other guys move in... promo
POS yo mama was like...."i like that dude koncept, he makes classics"...... myspace.com/konsept101
NEG it looks like you bought that car from dollar general!
NEU i tell a funny story. no one laughs.... it was funny when it happened ok?! ---fb xd
NEU new magazine launches: a big january 2010 comeback publishing media? mr. magazine
NEU rt my la peeps hit me. videoshoot tomorrow at 1pm here in los angeles, ca <<< me n mines in there hit me with the address
NEU the secret mission was awesome last saturday, i'm battle scarred though dammit!
POS thats brilliant !!! is an adelaide ninja show on the go?
NEU tomorrow.. i think its decided~ dye hair brown + spend time in the bathroom with my 3 tools of the trade cutting my hair.
NEU must be at the right restaurant in vancouver--wayne gretzky just walked by me.
NEU just posted on activerain: from purple to pleasing - painting is worth the investment
NEU rt : secret behind success in social media campaign?
NEU drag n drop ?115 ? ?0 how fast can you drag and drop?
NEG must go and scrape the ice off the windscreen
NEG beganhobbling toward
POS nice! enjoy your travels. maybe we'll meet up when you're back and have some shop-talk.
NEU jury awards $12 million to woman with brain injury - washington post: jury awards $12 million to woman with brain ...
NEU whitehouse
NEU matt lawrence : american idol hollywood night, part two, recap (group sings! -
NEU advil cold and sinus will become your best friend.
NEG rt : my latest-> barack obama: you have ?no reasonable expectation of privacy? pls rt tcot sgp usa
POS wow! not that we need the extra dose of energy this year but you'll just add to the wildness factor! have the best time!
NEG did a show last night and tonight. have shows on sunday, monday, tuesday, and wednesday. i'm a busy lil comic
NEU save your marriage by hearing with your heart
POS ? for the one i love - the g....
POS our biggest fan who has his own sunday network show! rt : david gregory just sent me an e-mail about the capitals. fyi.
NEG what the heck is this thing stuck in my throat....
NEU art and music happenings this weekend! 2/12 ? 2/14tucson citizen... ;the station is dedicated to all thi
POS take someone to prom that you know you would have fun with.
NEG lmfao gosh i feel sorry for you =p you have to put up with my drunken tweets on tuesday EMO_HAPPY
NEG don't ask me a question, if you're not going to believe my answer.
NEG watching the first snow fall for us and wanting to be a together as a family enjoying it.... cancer sucks
NEG rt : never allow a person tell you no who doesnt have the power to say yes
POS jo jo!!!!! i'm coming down atl next sat. i wanna see you
NEG _rinna i miss u!
NEG she's carrying them around with her, so bound to lose some.has 2 at a time lately!
NEU the spinners ? then came you ?
NEU the albert einstein guide to conversational media via
NEU that's where 83% of all stats come from, you know. i read it somewhere on the internets once. (but seriously, might know.)
NEU how was the swimming carnival?
NEG i didn't throw it around it was your family member who i feel tried to dis respect me by putn me down to lift you up unessecary
NEG tanj writes: my interest in java waned when i could do server-side javascript with a call out to c++ when i...
POS had a nice sleep...now i gotta sort out how i'm gonna get out of this bed...gotta get ready for the club
NEU massa still has room to grow - nfl ncaa
POS i'm awake since 5:30 EMO_HAPPY i'm improvin,rt : hey! ure awake...and its 7:37..are you on drugs? tumben banget!!! xd
NEG having a bad day? (story 2) - a man was working on his motorcycle on his patio and his wife was in the...
POS is finished with my taiwan assignment. now: vacation
POS snowin!! i love it!! and i love my life
NEG just had the nastiest fall. wth i feel like i might have broken a bone.
NEU wth-cambridge, mass. plans coercive taxes and veganism to stop climate emergency??
NEU three bayonettas, one in athletic gear, and dueling pikachu girls [gallery]
POS you are indeed the supertsar.. the real life hero. love and respect to u... "do it.fight it.win it" . kolkata is surely loving mnik...
POS i like your shirt, too! haha, oh man. such fashionable lads.
POS have you try melatonin it has work for me
NEU definition: sales 2.0 is about sales people using web 2.0 tools and social media to sell more effectively
NEU neve sulla capitale!!!!!!!
POS rt : rt if demetria devonne lovato is the most beautiful name you have ever heard.
POS i want to see the sex scene in 3-d :d (if they make one up, that is...)
NEU prepare yourself
NEU ?if 'pro' is the opposite of 'con' what is the opposite of 'progress'?? paul harvey quote / humor government
NEU break this lamp to make it glow yellow, just like you do with an egg [lamps]
NEU working at vanoc has screwed up my sleeping pattern.....but in other news, i picked up a lot of olympic gear EMO_HAPPY
NEG hm , , number of registered federal lobbyists fell to 13,742 in 2009 from 14,442 in 2008 jobless recovery?
NEU i posted 60 photos on facebook in the album "kiss an ipod challenge 2010"
POS a sex doll with a reloadable hymen? well happy valentine's day to me!
POS i love this song! rt : i wannabe where you r! trey songz!
NEU the biggest buddha in thailand ? : blog travel thailand thai fb buddhism bangkok phuket pattaya koh samui
POS rt : before you are born you choose many opportunities to learn in many different ways.
POS rt : people who say sex is over rated is nt hving mindblowing body shaking ass slapping hair pulling skin gripping awesome sex.. imjustsaying
POS my commitments demonstrate my values,shape my life,and determine my destiny.
NEU my votes are for your entertainment, live like were dying, whatt ya wat from me. time for miracles
NEU do you hate sales? we all must sell at one point or another. selling is good: linkedin sales fearofselling
NEG wtheck! secirity and management at front door with 2 costemer?!?!?
POS bout to hit up red lobster. get my tgif meal in.
NEU domain names, web hosting and online marketing services and many more to succeed in online business.
NEU stamp duty effect on home sales
POS i just found out aside from recording and publishing his poetry, ryan adams also paints. he ain't that bad either.
NEU rt : a tester sur google buzz : // hehe
NEU haha i will follow more people when i get better at this whole twitter thing. you have a good weekend too EMO_HAPPY
POS ahh i found my account with spotify that i had ages ago, thanks a lot EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : due to our site being down-to enter our giveaway for a chance to win free gold earrings provided by shayan afshar. pls rt
NEG can't sleep..:
NEG rt : just played the & "so fly" remix at the diesel store on 60th and lexington. i just remember how crazy this is.
NEU ff the good guys _desantis , _muller
NEU _plo i could care less though...unless he bout to give me a bomb gift, lolol! if not, he can stay at home with the "main"
POS very happy it's half term EMO_HAPPY although, i still have to go in school on tuesday and wednesday, which sucks.
NEU and with that said... i know what im doin 4 v-day! i'm workin that day! paper is worth more than love in my book!
POS finally editing the tamper review!! so fun (via )
NEG so hard to take people seriously when they mispronounce words! although my in-laws and i have a running feud about the word "dour."
POS it was great seeing you too! i believe i'm inspired to speak at ignite sometime.... i already have an idea in the works...
NEU follow my new profile ladies _stop <<<<<<@_sammii _emem
POS attempting to understand history laugh out loud
NEU loppsi : votez contre ici: please retweet [urgent]
NEU yes. just wished i could breath through my nose... "henry pool was here" is ok though.
POS " your world is my world,and my fight is your fight my breath is your breath and your heart " ? 15
POS are you ever gonna come to the uk? oh and....like my twitter background? its you and _salling! EMO_HAPPY
POS haha yeah they called my house while i was at school, they're sending tags for it and then they'll send me the right size.
NEU 
POS had toooooo much fun yesterday with my family!! we go so hard for eachother!
POS rt : buy your girlfriend the gift that keeps on giving: good music she can relate to! EMO_HAPPY
POS _news thanks for the rt EMO_HAPPY it was so nice talking to you today! have a great night, and a happy valentine's day.
NEU solar folding solar panel - motorhomefun: i have been debating with myself for the past year as to the benifits o...
NEU maybe its more about the questions mr morgan was asking? -- i mean i have alot of time and respect for old gord, but i dont [1/2]
NEU end-of-the-year giving statements have gone out. if you have not received yours, please call the summit office. 407-897-8130
NEG reading can get you killed...in nazi germany
POS day 2 done, all lookin tired but still a lot of fun with the mixture of talkin to friends and sellin good staff!
POS i am interested in jemi ... you two (joe and demi) do very lovely couple!!
NEU catch me & and the rest of the definition of ent fam an 4eternity at nvcc fashion
POS rt : "if you stay ready you don't have to get ready." - will smith
POS _kozarik -- appreciates you and your work - great job tonight guys!
NEU rt _atrium: you can test out the pre-release of open atrium beta4 with drush make: (remember, it's not final yet)
NEG don't shoulder your burden out there on your own ... don't banish me then bid me home - powderfinger ? drifting... ?
NEU anybody can be first. it takes good marketing thinking to get into the mind first.
POS i need more followers help me and i will help you EMO_HAPPY
NEU we are the world *o* vamos ajudar o haiti! EMO_HAPPY
NEG i second that. the bad boys did it, the bad boys did it but we will clean it up!
POS rt : i suggest we all listen to this beautiful song by with haiti in our hearts. in memory.
NEG i don't. but it contributes. some of it. most of it is presentation, marketing and so-called "convenience"
POS i looooooooooooove my baby. :$ :$ :$ :$ :$ :$ :$ :$ :$ :$ :$
POS nice, tgif! anyone else enjoying cpk and a movie tonight? rt : going out to eat @ california pizza kitchen! yum! peace peeps!
NEU rt : the media bullseye roundtable podcast is back! this week, and i welcome guest .
NEU balsera communications and republica to jointly promote national hispanic museum concept: national hispanic museum...
NEU rt : rt if you throw things into fans and watch them fly around the room. idothat2
NEU *singing* just got paid... friday noon. aint no party . feeling tahd. leyomi dropping. in my chair. pump that twurk. while i do some work
NEG q:is it true that mama danca ah breed fi yu??? a:wat the fuk.......... ah wah kinna suicidal n...
POS thank you new york and new jersey for picking up your copies. ain't nothing like the support of your own!
NEU sounds good. can you ever go wrong with bacon. really?
POS rt just 15 more followers to hit 1,800 - can you help? ?? she's a brilliant musical artist. follow follow follow !
NEU but how long did that pc last you before you had to invest in repairs and or buying a new one?? EMO_HAPPY
NEU . i miss you. enjoy the winter wonderland and stay warm.
NEG hates being up early on my day off driving lesson later = fucking expensive
POS my speech and test went well. thanks for the prayers! now off to work with ! woohoo!
NEU attitude is everything. if you think you are going to lose, you most likely will. if you think like a winner, you are gaurenteed to win.
NEG to all my male followers when textin somebody say ok and not k cause it makes you sound faggish
NEU i got the pictures but i'm not gonna post them!
NEU and one more ff and rt thankathon _desai _music _john
NEU hi (pic)
POS laugh out loud i once woke up in the morning to my then-6-yr-old & her best friend singing "milkshake" - complete with, "damn right!"
POS rt : stop judging:: start looking 4 what other people can do , then people will start seeing whats good about u! (karma)
NEU guess which one of my claims is a lie!
POS rt : who like's the new background!?
POS tell her i say happy birthday. EMO_HAPPY
NEU listening to "lil kim lighters up - music video" ?
NEU what a season. still cheering though and will always love my heels! rt : they can't win for losing! tough, tough year!
POS getting my lip pierced... hells yeah
POS ran a 5k in the 19s today, that was my time not the temp!
NEU interesting article & comments comparing zillow and nar perspectives on real estate data:
POS liking the woo menus - great news they're going to power menus in wordpress 3.0
NEG rt : entertainment weekly asks: "john mayer's 'playboy' interview: why does no one care that he also uses a gay slur?"
POS bobby reed uses this as a member. love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
POS free report: help offline businesses and make easy cash! =>
NEG _ aww hope you ain't too stressed. do take time to try and chill EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt lol! yo that mike epps shit had my stomach hurtin smh <
NEU where can i get a copy of the picture from the shooting accident in the states where the bb saved the womans life???
NEG tearing the place apart to find my lost library book which is right here, on the arm of my couch. lol. jeeeez.
NEU rt : mr. smith goes to eau claire boringmovies | ha!
POS i love quality time w. my best friends forever ! its more like touchy feely time laugh out loud
POS rt __chambers: so who's coming to the dream team awards on monday @ 6:00? i'm ready to serve you :d
NEU dang. welcome to the club! i got one today
NEG bangladesh clamps down on deadly campus violence
NEU nikon 24mm f/1.4g ed af-s rf swm prime wide angle nikkor lens for nikon digital slr cameras
POS tsunami memory: choosing the best wahm forums for your work at ...
POS aww that's what i first thought of!! you think i could pull belle off? she's so pretty!
POS rt _kdubb: after i make ya mama pop lock n drop it and bust it wide open ima cook some breakfast buttnekkid in the kitchen ving rhames style thuglife
POS "i'm very willing to pay more taxes, because i believe it's the right thing to do" - renoth
NEG dork.
NEU health update:: latest snoring problem auctions
POS cool!i always lookd for one but only found haighs and koko black -not that there's anything wrong with that EMO_HAPPY
NEU just got word that the dove men+care spot was featured on oprah!!
NEG sorry might not b back 4 a while i have alot coming up ,pantomine,option choices,holiday,footie play offs and all my ruin your halfterm work
NEU watch jak medlemsbank -v?r bank on vimeo!
NEU i'm going to be living around here later this year:
POS rt : i love how awkward everyone looks on qi when being applauded.
POS was asked today in conversation what the end goal of my life is. jesus is. in other news, is my favorite basketball player
POS i just took "you and justin are in mcdonald and he goes..." and got: he apologizes and you two become friends:)! try it:
NEG captain eo will not be opening this weekend. effects not yet ready... still testing. maybe late march to early april. sorry! disneyland
POS changed my name!!! used to be but...now that i am officialy married to i am *smiles*
NEU i am using twitter site to tweet right now ... is that what people called " growing old " ?
NEU i thought you complained about that earlier! hmmmm! EMO_HAPPY cc:
NEU punks fiddling and tap dancing? i don't even know.
NEG let me sneak out to kitchen. i'm hella hungry. brb!
POS thank you for the ff !!!!
NEU new release: the vicious kind (2009)
POS i feel you on that one.. rt i need a dose of miami !! i'm getting the nc virus ! laugh my ass off
NEU i saw it reported that they originally wanted bullock to do blindside & she declined but they talked her into it...
POS many people dn't know what it feels like when you lose something you love so much ....
NEU just took "do you know bella swan???" and got: you're her sis! try it ?
NEG getting a bit tired... and the 15 is so packed for las vegas.
NEU i literally just made a template. waiting for you to edit and write your choices before i go too into it.
POS good looks my niggaz...wat niggaz was fuckin wit last night
POS competition is still running so come and enter for a chance to win a gorgeous prize.
NEU knows my schedule well... why don't you, ?
NEG just had 3 mouthfuls of dubious looking and tasting beehoon from the neighbour
POS i know you not tweeting about me laugh out loud
NEU blog post: 16 realistic robo-creatures videos
NEU i've moved in to the chichory stout from dogfish head if that helps at all.
NEU i just became the mayor of mark's on !
NEU rt howtobeaman don't cheat... be honest. have the balls to tell the truth & the heart to let them walk away...
NEU (infowars.com) a warning to the tea party nation
NEU just voted " 2" on "miley best outfits?? " vote too ?
NEU just got back from cheer/dance
NEU newsbuzzer: lightning round ot: acme packet, waste management and more -
NEG ????? how i wish you were here... ?????
NEG yo im bored imma bout to call ya ass on skype
NEU getting ready for the valencia mtv winter festival,tonight playing for free, the arctic monkeys + mystery jets.todays my main twiiter topic
NEG rt : i bought a recovered memory foam mattress and half of my family doesn't believe it's real.
NEU rt ??400tweet/teny japs? oniitshan = zokilahy / oneethsan = zokivavy / ototo = zandrilahy / imoto =... re:
NEU rt : happiness is not in some distant place of perfection and pleasure. happiness is waiting for you to give it life in this moment.
NEU - img_0853.jpg
NEG _lnd naw its pro game just more physical and overseas rules
NEU so what's up with ? you gonna be there for a while?
POS rt : articel writing made fun and easy.
POS o_o um....*isn't near my house* can i poof you guys there? :d
POS in the past 24 hours i've eaten megabyte pizza, a&w, mcdonalds (three times), kraftdinner, and starbucks. whistler was a blast!
POS haha giselle just replied to my text and said 'fuck yeah'. i love everyone EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : trailer neil marshall's centurian looks awesome! // do i spy noel clarke... bet he gets his mobile out
NEU hello my tweeples! i'm back. busy bee me. check out what made! (via _robinson)
POS ready for this juice jam on march 27th, got about 5 more pounds of muscle to gain and i'll be just right....
NEU rt : are you a grown man ready to blow?
NEU phillyvenues.org pavilion of art & design london to field world's most prominent dealers: london.- now i...
NEG dispatch from darfur rt valentine party behind barbed wire, sandbags. nevermind unamid armed bouncers; their weapons don't work
NEU rt : ff _mal &
NEG rt : rt : tired of pissing matches over vinyl vs cdj/laptop. if you suck as a dj, you suck no matter what you play on. end of story EMO_HAPPY
NEU testing out google buzz and other networks.
NEU mj got new mascra -.- and i didn't know -.-
POS rt : love believes all things - unshakable confidence and trust.
NEU bharti offers $10.7 billion for zain africa ops: reports (reuters)
NEU questo l'ho caricato soprattutto per :
NEU great fun rt _: enjoyable tweet up at al mallah
NEU 
NEU rt : sail banda 2010, moluccas, indonesia EMO_HAPPY
NEG i saw him yesterday and thought the same thing. rt: oh, crazy suit guy - you are such a nyfw fixture
NEG you must be jamaican, cause you jamaican me crazy.
NEU thats on me im bout to send that 4 u.
POS wanna help us with tomorrow's bake sale? here're the details: thank you!
NEU i'm at ????.
POS have another step to being capable fans down, blog created. - it is a very very nice place of happiness.
POS "cuz this life's too long and this love's too strong. so baby know for sure, that i'll never let you go" EMO_HAPPY
NEU 
POS hee! nah, since my rny one glass of wine = oh my god i'm gonna take my shirt off & dance!
POS i'm always gonna be here so get use to tha face :)!!!
NEU petropavlovsk names dr graham birch as non-executive director: ahe was manager of blackrock's ... -
NEU i posted 12 photos on facebook in the album "nng pix"
NEU rt : everyone seems to be unfollowing everyone except for celebs and friends.
POS rt 5000th tweet soon! <-- just about half way towards reaching my standards!:)
NEU athomeintexas 2.12.10.wmv: ? review of changes to website. how did removing flash and add...
NEU that tweet came from the heart and was perfectly spelt. or should that be spelled? respect for the realness and unbridled diss.
NEU rt : tease a
NEU rt : what internet browser will you pick, and why, when microsoft gives users the choice from march? send us your views...
NEU what, you've got mail? idk. that's a little before my time...most meg ryan movies are the same, but they're guilty pleasures.
NEU 3 picks today are - crispy breast of lamb, apple and spice red cabbage, garlic and thyme potatoes, pan juice ?11.95
NEG had been to office today, feeling sleepy now...
NEU - my macbook pro lid - now with and stickers.
NEU 7: vidpro gripster flexible camera tripod for compact digital cameras, gp-10
NEU today's new moon gives the current pile-up of planets in your ... more for leo
POS aww elvin ng's so cute w the pink pants and the lalala dance steps! :d
NEG time to say goodbye
POS so do you speak very well, don't you use the google translate yeah? i wanna someone to practice...
POS just voted "joe jonas" on "who is the cutest guy in disney channel?" vote too ?
NEU install it on a flash drive and boot through the usb. flash the bios to an english one. what is the make of the pc? board?
NEU rt _porat: martin heidegger: thinking the unthinkable - bbc's human, all too human series
NEU _slave fair enough. i can't predict it anyway haha. how far are you?
POS quote: survival and profit are fine, but if you
POS so today is the chinese new year and valentine's day at the same time, huh? what would i wear to celebrate both? pink barongsai costume? ;p
POS woo thers like random cartoon characters and kids EMO_HAPPY are you pro at mando?
NEG _muychingon awh that sucks EMO_HAPPY i'm currently working on my biol assignment, feel free to do it for me? haha :d
NEU fuel stop en route to toronto for the weekend (@ smokin' joes)
NEU ask me anything you want
NEU -
NEG couldn't stand the dirty house any longer, so husband (who's home every morning) is going to chess tourney while i stay home & clean.
NEU ask me anything
POS rt : ... the global heart is awakening, beating out the rhythm of a new and glorious dance, calling us to a better way of living ~ anodea judith
NEG sorry i missed the production club last night...work has been particularly unkind to my spare time this week.
NEU ? coldcut - return to margin (afterlife mix) nowplaying
NEU [new post] getting rid of wrinkles -
NEG - bitches dont know bout my millennium falcon
NEG stupid things to try on your cell phone! -
POS i agree! think you two top my list of people i'd love to meet one day!
NEU oooh are you coming to see me & _gregory_a and at _olivia?
POS yeah i totally agree too, and they both work so hard!!
POS top o the morning... off to riveredge forsome saturday skiing!!! purdy day for it!
NEU losing weight has nothing to do with starving or jogging!..
NEG fuck my life: omfg now i got hiccups!!!! fml: omfg now i got hiccups!!!! fml
NEU 9: winsome spectrum l-back airlift adjustable swivel stool, faux leather
POS i've got a feeling this is mexico's year
POS rt _real_shaq: 2nd funniest guy in da nba. check it out
POS look at my horse, my horse is amazing. give it a lick it tastes just like raisins, by the stroke of its mane it turns into a plane.singalong
POS listeningto wonderin' (featuring matt thiessen of relient k) - tobymac , if you love how beautiful "fireflies" voice , mt is the man!
NEG can't find my phone + it's not charged.. email/twtr/fb if you need me. time for a lowkey night w/ . 7.5 miler @ 7 am tom.. ahh!!
NEU rt : when you sit on the ground, do you automatically start pulling out grass?
NEU rt all other vendors have closed up shop, but still a crowd in flexradio booth hamcation hamr
NEU q:if you could have been the author of any book, what would it have been?... a:the 50 cent book
NEU how to make money online at home??
POS want to improve your life? ordain it by understanding the physics involved. visit
NEG rt : rt : rt : pleaseeeee, i want to be taller EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud that shit'll be crazy rt : i'm putting it together in my head now. ima hv you tat me on the stage
POS rangerstagmein cause yall wit me everywhere ii go (only cause ii gotta skin of yall on my phone lol)
NEU i will forever miss the great alexander mcqueen
NEU need more followers of your twitter account? go here -
NEU the same ones up in arms were probably shucking and jiving right along with soulja boy talking about supermanning that hoe. q
NEU you off to antarctica a.k.a. dallas??
NEG yeah google for sure now. jus a lying cunt like the rest of em. oh well. will def try to make boots reunion. you going?x
POS rt : howtobeaman don't call a woman you had sex w/ ahoe. she gave your needy ass pussy. she's a hero!<--lmao.
NEU so true. i am sick of msm creating drama
NEG i had a nightmare about this vicious little cat biting me! dreammoods says it means someone close to me is talkin shit & bein fake. hmmmmm
POS my grandma is so cute! :d she said i'm still young so don't have to do housework. i totally agree with her! EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : rt sc highway patrol working 488 wrecks at the moment..... stay home & do not drive!!! chstrfc chswx
NEG _zol pricess leia is going to be gutted! EMO_HAPPY
POS get back to healthy nutrition basicsanahuac progressa great way to start on the path to better nutrition is to take a n
POS uk afghan mission 'going to plan'
POS can you vote stay on which njata is best ? it's my poll
NEU bmw vision efficientdynamics concept to be in production by 2013 - future cars news: bmw vision efficientdynamics ...
NEU aww dammit! laugh out loud its in the post!! =p
NEG "it took me a few hours to get my hand un-glued from my face."
NEU how you doin just wanted to say hi and get in touch with you
NEU rt : atheists are just as ethical and have as strong a moral compass as churchgoers, new research shows
POS hopin' one day you'll come and sing this song with me. i wrote this song just for you.
NEG just realized a friend is off the wagon in a big way - sad;-(
POS rt : is so excited about pixies in march. la la love you, don't mean maybe...
POS rt : happy valentines day ! mix from mad decent -
POS rt : hi sweetie! this is your holiday!you were named for it! make it a special day!tu for the rt!amy//hugs to you!
POS rt this is very cool. parallel genetic code created /via
NEU sesek napas mksdnya? EMO_HAPPY rt : can't breathe easy...
POS check out my blog!!!!
NEU rt : that squirtin thing, lmao. . . i just can't find it sexy. i tried though. lmaooo. - yo what you say?
POS rt awards 2010: jerry aronson, education winner: aronson said he has always considered teaching to be an a...
NEG dropped my phone at knotts berry farm -_- water rides ftl!
NEU laugh out loud you are not EMO_HAPPY this is the bag :d :d
NEG the book of eli just didn't do it for me...
NEG white knight chronicles: possibly one of the worst games ever made
NEU 1961, "les amis de la music" by brigitte bardot:
NEG sitting in my car EMO_HAPPY man i think i really messed up with lukas tonight. EMO_HAPPY
POS i like how my parents just love to ruin everything, including what would have been the best valentine's day of my life.
NEG the thing about pictures of scenery is the never quite being able to translate the true experience-
NEG oh snap. my 6 year old cousin snores so loud.
NEG from "hacking exposed" 2-14-10: ms update gives some xp boxes blue screen of death:
NEU photo: (via hopelesslydope)
NEU i posted two new tutorials. one one textures: and one on patterns:
NEU new post!: the careers through culinary arts program: 20th anniversary benefit
NEU hahah i dont mean to do that. its because b is right by the space barrrrr on my phone and my computer.
NEG ya style is played out like arnold & that what you talking 'bout willis.
POS girl ya it was just how they said it especially the in denial part!
NEU forgot to put the frozen yogurt away! whoops:p
NEG the laptop kept overheating and the repair trips were in the waranty period. they could never figure out what was wrong with it
NEG the one time nascar should step in today, they don't.
POS my v-day gift = cartoons & bed rest lame sum time 2day he will b rubbin my back & tummy EMO_HAPPY
NEG the annoying cramps is getting my way! i wanna kill eeuuu!
NEU photo: fuckyeahsubtitles:
POS all i can say is that your are amazing! i love & appreciate how you try to treat all your fans equally. we love you!
NEU no one asked me anything laugh out loud me and @_quicksilver said ear piercings on monday laugh out loud
POS v-day gift 4 t/planet> a guide for mass meditation for global healing - green meditation earth eco please rt
POS babysitter...check! day with my honey...check! nothing else matters, except the kids that is
POS happy v day everyone! or happy singles awareness day. whichever works for you...
NEU rt : if you don?t like being alone, perhaps it would be wise to start making friends with the one you?re alone with!
NEU rt : rt : my body hot laugh out loud
NEU happy valentine's day! check out our whole trade roses. we won't tell anyone you only paid $19.99 for a dozen!
POS i just took "you live in a house between justin and chris. in ..." and got: you and justin become good friends! try it:
NEG hubs: "hon, if you don't have something nice to say..." daughter: "then she'd never say anything."
NEU book review: does god believe in atheists? (john blanchard)
POS to all the wonders that swim in the stream who hang around me...you are marvellous and inspirational and this past year devine EMO_HAPPY gratitude
NEG daughter's been *killing* it on video chat with grandma. i'd put her on that chatroulette thing if that weren't, like, awful parenting. fb
NEU john pilger - pepsi vs coke in the ice cold war john pilger - apartheid did not die
NEU hi sulli, i beleive, then reply my tweets hihi EMO_HAPPY rt why do some people dont really believe my account.
NEU nieuw amsterdam?s life & tender boats make their way to the yard (cruise addicts)
NEU [homeserver]at risk: my movies installe windows media encoder 9, veuillez ne pas arr?ter ou red?marrer votre windows home server.
POS i wish! i might have to quiz you after, especially about daniel burkas talk.
NEU 4480??
POS rt : rt happy sunday!
NEU ?1?: how to mavericks surf 11/7/09: the first paddle day of the year. peter mel, ion banner, tyler fox, na... let's go
NEG wish i was in barcelona at the mobile world congress this week: friends going. maybe next year schedules will work out.
NEG the next person to tell me that flirting is harmless will be getting slapped on sight... flirting plants seeds...
POS rt : okay! this is like my 100th tweet for nelena4vday ...still not on tt?? really??
NEU rt : gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhea
NEU rt : ghettovdaygifts watchin movie bet blackbuster...and then the aids commercial comes on... awkwardmoment
NEU - jose
NEU stamkos scores for t-bay...and walker/prust square off.
POS - more meadow thanks to
POS the extra benefit of a modulating boiler
NEG you could have a hard time letting go of your ambitions now, b... more for capricorn
POS dodi and diana wanted a wedding made in heaven ... ...
POS great song!!! (youtube
NEU dropping off the girls back home to ypo
POS i wanna meet so i might have to come to my homie jheri party..
NEG my kitchen's so tiny if i don't put them away i have to walk on tippy-toe around my lounge to get anywhere
NEU wew! whose cat?? rt : rip casper...kucing di london yg suka naik bis tiap hri...hiks..
NEG oh my lord, a group of melissa marie wannabes have walked into the restaurant. not everyone can get away with the look. eeeek.
NEG wtf. there's a pot deal going down in front of my house..o_o this isn't stockton, damnit..
NEG is a bad influence. my liver hates me.
NEU laugh out loud you righttt...and why you change you are name again. rt be nice to "all the single ladies" *beyonce voice* youre taunting them..
NEU i'm at a loss for jokes right now laugh out loud i need sumn' in my system!! (austin powers' voice) "somebody stole my mojo!"
NEU rt : yo soy tu amigo fiel - toy story
POS ollie hales`s (united states, north carolina) testimonial how to make money online for free.
NEG i said great minds...how's the insulting you?....you're so ungrateful smh, women
POS fancy rt : sporting a bowtie tonight at we hit minerva's for a valentine's evening out with my girls.
NEU just joined a video chat with 6 other people at tinychat
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- behind the scenes - monica bellucci by craig mcdean
NEU i heard the moto was better.
NEU rt : we're on our third day with - just a handful of species short of 100. can we hit the century? don't bet against it
NEU money making marketing for loan officers.: new money making marketing e-book for mortgage loan officers. increase ...
NEG they probably just want to draw people in and then when you're there they'll tell you the real price.
NEU join educators 2.0!
NEG shut the fuck up donny!
POS thanks for the rt heidi..
POS rt : happy valentines day everyone! tell someone you love them today EMO_HAPPY
NEU aduuuh another mencret dramart : kalo mau sedikit saja buka hatilo!!
NEU took the "tom ou bill?" quiz & got: bill! what about you? ?
POS they are going to talk to the prisoners regarding loving their spouses. or cell mates.
NEU burger test w/ hays ? at moonies burger house
POS off for now folks - hopefully will be able to phone . tw33t ya later.
POS awesome!! my dream last night was just a little too influenced by woodstock.
NEU do it!! rt : i want to start club tonight with "your all i need" by mjb & method man (cont)
NEG lmaolmaolmao. i'm tweeting it once more because told me so. clearly i do what othres tell me to do.
NEU : in 2 hours, the meat-ball baby will be 1 year old! ? rt: techno family
NEU ? nelson riddle - the theme from route 66 nowplaying
NEG doing my annual valentines day reflecting, and i've really only come to one thing.
NEG i finished my fourth can of coke wtf.
NEG i don't give a shit about valentines, i'm pissed that i have no access to the new uffie album!!
POS _onelovejb yesss! haha. those posters are awesome! :d i can stare at them all day long! xd
NEG thr are times, tht i test yr faith,'til you think you might surrender. baby im, im not ashamed 2 say, tht my hopes wr (cont)
POS so my kids hockey organization is putting on a fundraiser to purchase sadie's wheelchair adaptive stroller.. they told us today!!
NEU kalimantan dit hehe rt : dmn tuh len? rt : lampion raksasa
NEG me too. i'm disappointed. expected better from the dunks.
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- aster cafe are an b singer live.mp4
POS my babyshowed up to love the kids too. i'm so glad you are here boo....
NEU this american life's ira glass on the art of storytelling
NEG y nt, its vday heather...i dnt hve a valentine sooooo i gotta gt sum1 wifey...
NEG open question: my psp home button opens but dosn't work.? -
POS live about to pick the mitchel musso autograph winner come watch!!!! (broadcasting live at
NEU rt : you supporting lady gaga? x <---- haha! i wish! maybe 2years! i just have a show of my own tonight! x
NEG i gotta go now.... breakfast, take a shower and stuff
NEU laugh out loud you are silly. its just something that comes with the job
POS start now- don't waste time-get a piece of the tycoon's business empire. live life & dream big
NEG gotta learn to not let them stress u, boo we can't let prettiness go to waste!
NEU update: brief tampa interview with allison and kris
NEU @_dazeddr33m3r_ bad romance isnt really at the best part, so if you want i could make another one if you dont like this one. just lemme know
POS loving venus is your key planet and she is in high demand toda... more for libra
POS louis armstrong has a new song coming out!
NEU now playing on frednetradio: long tall sally - little richard. greatest music of all time. fb
NEG "kaw din ah careful ka sakin,bka we ended up of hookin up din. " --fcuk! fcuk! kinikilig ako!haha. the return ...
NEU my new post is up with a surprise video wearetheworld25forhaiti
NEU oh.my.god!
NEU if you have read any of my tweets ..and it applys to you giveupmusic
POS i'm fine laugh out loud xd club penguin coin code on my blog!
POS i love my date
NEG harold ford's tax problem: will file first new york state tax return this april:
POS rt : happy valentines day everyone! hope you have someone to spend it with and that you remembered to buy a gift or card for your loved one. EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud yb rt : rt : all hail the ginger king watiido?? on the chillz boss...lol fresh outa church
NEG honest time: i hate some of my a$$ hole managers. never felt this way towards my boss ever before!! i miss green bay bby
NEU what are you doing tonight?
NEU ?worrying is using your imagination to create something you don't want.? ? unknown be positive!
NEU n thnk god i dnt have a boss right now..teachers and parents can suffice fr now..!!
NEU daddy kasar dan arogan rt : sink nyak cang ngeprove ci! asshole ci! nyen kaden ci iban ci? talk to my fist, biatchhhh
NEU books hot trend 4: change your brain, change your body: use your brain to get and keep the body you have alway...
NEG rt : lilduvalsarmsso short he do a hand stand and scrape his head on the floor
NEU nah my mum wanted to see what it was like.
POS of course i did, i always miss you mwah mwah
NEU - fran & math
NEG video on the 18th? whoa i gotta outswag all the other people gettin cameos, what song? im wearing a poncho to you are shit!
NEU tryna upload a pic and twitter is trippn laugh out loud welp i tried
NEG my brain keeps traveling in the wrong direction
NEG rt : there's always that one person who always catches you doing something weird. omgthatssotrue
POS rt : can't wait for the death race prequel! ->
NEG going to sleep feeling misserable and getting ill again
POS that's true. on a related note, do you know if susan boyle is on twitter?
NEG cyz he's a lib. rt : why is everyone so surprised that brian williams is a nascar fan? thought it was pretty well known already.
NEU top 100s by year ????????? ??1975? paul simon ?50 ways to leave your lover ????~
NEU rt : sigh* EMO_HAPPY ---whts the matter?
NEG laugh out loud didnt any one warn you thats like against drinkin rules ! laugh out loud i neverr doo that i wake up w. my stomach in knots laugh out loud
NEG i have no idea rinko acted at liar game 2!!
NEU bsk gw mau nyuruh dia triak2 "sir yes sir! no sir, im sorry sir! on my face sir! ooh..thank you sir!" biar sexy!
NEU well, do you?
POS support lace up save lives, add a twibbon to your avatar now! -
NEG not feelin so good.:
NEG god hates fags lists of bands that will produce a gay child who comes up with this stuff and what kind of drugs?
NEU pc heads for the heights ? human planet. on location with this ...: as we walked up the red carpet and onto the he...
NEU just took "where's your perfect kissing spot?" and got in the rain
NEG at least you know rt : but i'm not getting him a real gift on the side like he got me. that's fcked up right? *shrug*
NEU follow the official olympic twitter account
POS sign up free and expand your twitter followers using
NEG kid cudi will not leave my head. ah!!!
NEU farmers introduces new texas next generation home policy (business wire via yahoo! finance)... home insurance
POS that sounds like a great marketing technique to boost biz....you & should have a friendly showdown! gjco
POS i think it has to do with the symbolic luck part. which has no price.
POS which movie are you watching, and did you like it? replied to your tweet:
NEU *snooki punch!* rt _it: customer at work just told me my shirt looks stupid. hahahaha. awesome.
NEU ?4.3 million will be invested by uk into online scams investigative team
NEU dotcommonweal ? blog archive ? tourism and pilgrimage: the current christian century has a nifty interview with tr...
NEU i got to be the most "famous regluar nigga" in the game. who fucking wit me right now?
NEG rt : women are always moaning about the things guys will say to get into their pants... bitch, try being a successful dj!!!!
NEG browsed a toys are us and two targets, no toys were bought...oh well...better luck next time.
NEU facebook app by artpublish1
NEG and then there was dude who was doing psychedelic weird marijuana shit moves in front of the bar completely freaked me out
NEG nowplaying pink- please dont leave me " i can cut you into pieces... when my heart is broken"
POS i'm sooo happy for :d it's all so excitinggggg :d
POS wassup my dude i like what you do i wanted to talk bizness with you
POS i aready kno .. laugh out loud
NEU i'm at o2 tower (georg-brauchle-ring 50, munich).
NEU tarantino's western will be a slavery adventure: he's calling it a southern.
NEU just voted "miley cyrus" on "which disney star will still be popular in 5 years?" vote too ?
POS watch my name is khan....its worth watching......the trio(srk,kajol,kj) proved again.....
NEG obsessed with mario bros galaxy on the wii. and i can't stop playing.
NEU you are my fire
POS rt : im waiting for you to tweet duuudeee :d come onlineee xx
NEG how does someone dick you over on valentines day? EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : 1 lucky winner will win this game when we have 1,000 followers rt & follow 2 enter! comp
NEU not so chilly out..............i'm feelin this yeah and i likie
NEG i got my pops whip right now and this nigga aint got nooo heat. smh
NEG i'm just going to bed. i think i might be b-polar.
NEU thanks rt : followmonday _satria and follow me
NEU the funny part is when the bottle popped n i got paranoid. lmao!
NEG sick as a dog but still made something to smoke my bud out of..
NEU my fault rt nope i have a g1
NEU 
POS laugh out loud good ones rt : lessons learned from "too fat to fly" with and
NEU true rt : halo legends & black dynamite come out on tuesday. and the waxed canvas bean boots from ll bean
NEU bejeweled, writing, and looking for the perfect cd to d/l...been listening to a lot of ugly casanova (isaac brock<3)
NEG ...oh my god. something just went down next door. the dog went mad, there was a girl screaming and a guy yelling. 0___0;
NEG my knee hurts so badly. frick!
NEG i almost slipped and fell on my way to my dorm room...classes should be canceled
NEU rt : _86
NEU i wouldn't expect a huge change just by adding it, but you can add value and increase engagement, which should help eventually.
NEG i have some of the weirdest cravings.
NEU i just snapped a new picture:
NEG and if you say something wrong, a lot of people will hear you, take it offensively and hate you EMO_HAPPY
POS the new pizza is good actually
POS omg. i dnt know why but i really want to watch mouse hunt.
NEG rt : this might fuck up a future collab but this dude usher look like a gay urban batman in the all star game show
NEG oh how i hate it when quick-and-dirty comes back to haunt you!
NEU see i got these tiny hands i can hold it i will hold it for you you will gay ass dudes lmfao
NEG those big ones without frames? i don't care how hot the girl is who is wearing them, i have an instant dislike to her.
POS twitters pissing me off. it load or do anything. EMO_HAPPY dude, i love you more than anyone. pancake day tomorrow. ;d night.
POS brunch with my darling (@ pastis)
NEU on palringo but where's my lavender?
NEG still sick. coughin up a lung at this point, but i got things to do later. gotta make it work
NEG _ghoul_ava not much i can do--all the fucking ports are closed
NEG brrr forgot to turn my heater on in my room so now it's freezing!! looks like i'm guna be sleeping under my duvet tonight EMO_HAPPY
NEU bout to make breakfast and bring my nefew his formula at my sis house
NEG 36c when i got home; i still went for a run. can't wait for cool weather to exercise in oz. bbq snags & beer after prob just kept me even
POS you are so clever : ) i worked, but had a lovely relaxin day,i work hard to keep people happy when not well & able to look after themselves
NEU - escalates to where?
POS haha i'll pinch the cheeks of a 30 yr old.. pshh!! you look about... 21?? am i right?
NEU twitter may be down, but glee never ends!! actually, it does. it my last episode. fail
NEU hey hey le creuset! how many hands did you burn today?
NEU just used to put my friends' faces on my twitter background. check it out!
NEU the readiest way to make the wench amends
NEU rt : in 2 eps. EMO_HAPPY the season ends
NEU - love, peace and harmony EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt new update: 27-inch imac giveaway!: movie reviews, trailers, photos, posters, news, giveaways...
NEU sy tibaaart : hiksssssssssssss.... see you yah syg..rt : hey kao .. kami (cont)
POS ok so i clearly spent over my budget! EMO_HAPPY but i'm happy! ?
POS done cleaning! all i have to do now is go to the dr.'s and watch coraline!
NEU home made rocky road!! ooooo you have it tougher than i lol. phew, i'm excited (if in a slightly sadistic way) :os
NEU gospel being shared at olympics - olympics christian jesus ministry
NEU watchin the all-star game and tryna get some studyin done
POS is yay it's finally going to be nice out.. EMO_HAPPY
POS _cupcake yeah i've seen it a few times now lool, they're looking like their having the time of their lives chillin with vanilla ice laugh out loud
POS rt : thank u! rt : most stylish & kindest celeb i've talked with at fw so far. thanks jared leto!
POS rt : happy valentine's day to all my amazing ladies out there. you are all my valentine today
POS noah is rockin out to imma be! i hate this song but seeing him dancing makes my day!!! EMO_HAPPY
NEU blog post: clinton: ir?n se mueve hacia una dictadura militar
NEU world of warcraft pvp decal at
NEG my fault cuz i stuck around long enough to make it happen. smh.
POS @__zero just for the banter i guess EMO_HAPPY what train do you get?
NEU _shadesss whoa! its your bday no sad on your bday!! and i told you to say something earlier, you waited it out?
NEU alliant rt2s rt2v oper. maintenance & parts
NEG i actually just called my father "old man" during an argument...
NEG oh my god "/ i did not neglect you last night .
NEU immigrants in britain to be taught to queue
NEG you are right! why in the world would he do that???!!!
NEU morning jim, like me i see you're in tweedeckland once more. how was your visit to hootsuiteville?
POS ok, back out to make more hay while the sunshines...isn't it a lovely day sacramento, at least the ghetto bird is gone...
POS i'm not, it was a group on facebook and i thought of you. feel special.
NEU yeah it's ight looking to get a few other things going thou nah mean
NEG oh btw, dear john=worst movie ever. waste of my life and time.
NEU i would love an adorable single fireman i would be crazy not to
POS at my favorite dessert spot (@ finale - park plaza)
POS rt : brought my favorite indestructo travel watch: . [i have one of those. ken trading brain *rules*!]
POS get free godiva chocolate and gifts
NEU i have no idea. laugh out loud we keep changing up and adding features, then subtracting and adding more, laugh out loud its a hot mess. ;d
NEU rt : hurray! 3 of 's authors are up for the authors' club best first novel award
NEU the deep ones. you have an accent? i don't think i've ever heard it. clearly this should be my goal. EMO_HAPPY
NEU just left tamworth with aquablakk performing now off to london se1 club 500 miles today! n it's only monday?!
NEU rt : i'm glad it's not just my ears....lol
NEU rt : did you know you can now make [absorb] fresh!? make it fresh here:
NEU the vicksburg post opinion chief martin's model rescued choctaw nation
NEU o yeaa.. that's wassup rt : for the record everyone... _nunu is the wife. check her finger when you see'er
POS blowin trees and gettin money as always..o and bumpin breezy to laugh out loud yu
NEU wants to get bones on dvd so i dun have to deal with skipping scenes anymore and wants to start reading the books the series was based on
NEG rt : if you examine your suffering you will realize you do not own it. you share it with all those who grasp & cling
NEG ...lookin to feel my belly wit that rallys, bullsh*t.....that's what i get for not thinkin like an outkast
NEU i subscribed to tayzonday's channel on youtube
POS for that. i'm about to put win 7 ultimate on the same mbp, good to know it runs well for you.
NEU rt : the all-star game has color vs. color with the uniform matchup. how about orange at home (cont)
NEG cant find my wallet.. eeek
NEU far distance but near at heart. no matter where're you be, i still will feel you. ?
NEG should cheryl give ashley the boot???
NEG been tweeting a lot because the hospital that i've been in for a week doesn't have a wi-fi connection.
POS i am so happy right now. for many, many reasons! and for one quite wonderful reason.
POS i pleasee *-* ( live on
NEG rt : laugh out loud rt : and by the way i just heard the best quote ever "people plan and god laughs" ahahahahahahaha snaps!
NEG wow worst movie ever so so so boring but thanks dad for the quality time laugh out loud now what to do hmmm
POS just voted "i like this one" on "do i look nice? + which looks nicer?" vote too ?
POS he's a brown puppy with heart filled collar... o and he's loving and kind laugh out loud ? laugh out loud
NEU inspiration in adversity
POS _aqw he's also the one who made my blade in flash!
POS same here just making my radio station hope people will listen to me
NEG do you sometimes get annoyed that a lowercase "l" and capital "i" look the same in some fonts? idothistoo (via )
NEU q:hi, do you have any sisters? a:yes. two. a twin and older
POS rt : rt : everybody check out my new video rapping to video phone!!! [re-tweet]
NEG if you like it then you should have put a ring on it.
NEU i have created this account for emergencies.please follow this and retweet and request all your followers to do the same.
NEG uhmm my followers number is decreasing! makesmesomad
NEG rt : john podesta, former chief of staff, says the obama administration is in a "mess" and america's political system "sucks".
POS if you have only one smile in you, give it to the people you love.....
POS - hugs to you all-- who make each of my day brighter thru jesus !
POS fuck off,miley haters ! miley is the best & a legend ! she works really hard ! and you guys,say she's lazy ! you haven't hobbies...
POS after a long and beautiful..unforgettable valentines day.. i'm beat.. sleep time.. on air at 6am on
POS _truths ring arrived today, it is fabulous. thank you so much for your help. we are absolutely delighted.
NEG *goes to meet alex*- logan & carlos, do you think she'll have food waiting?- carlos. shut up, carlos.- logan
POS rt : i come dressed as any pill you deem fit. whatever helps you swallow the truth, all the more easily... ~ vitamin
POS youknowwhen i look through my followers.. they are all goooorgeous EMO_HAPPY :d
NEU i really want to watch rupaul at therapy seeing as this is my only monday without class but i've got no gays to go with! EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt girls go off when a nigga say sumthin wrong,but like the most disrespectful songs? i'ma start rappin 2 these hoes 16bars4abitch
POS i hope you do a good season there in greece, so that you can comeback to benfica later on, and play with us to get titles.
NEG snow! pushing michelles car up the steep icy driveway laugh out loud i slipped n fell under the car while she was driving. mom was?
NEG taz rang earlier and asked if i'd taken too much st john wort! haven't touched a drop or a tablet. i couldn't risk it!
NEU linkedin business and social network; lots of business connections
POS you must share that info! i need to go.
NEU want to unlock iphone 3.13 software available to unlock and ...
NEG rt my tummy hurts EMO_HAPPY {hope you feel better}
NEU skatin with my shirt off,tryin to get a tan
NEU me too, but 4real tho? why? laugh out loud rt i bet "un-thinkable" was dedicated to swizz beatz
NEU mystic canvas just added thanks for looking
NEU rt : too bad you're moving to texas.~why is that? we always got twitter!
NEU rt _cruise4: you niggas can wear sneakers if you want lol<== them be the same niggas that bitches be loving my uggs
NEU bingung tar lo jadi linglung,, emg susah dy' klo dah tua mah,wkwk rt : bingung ...
NEU check this video out -- lost generation
NEU rt _elyse3: the key to social media:
NEG crisis solved. it was my dad. wow dad.
NEU lenovo ideapad atom n270 1.6ghz netbook -160gb sata hdd, no optical drive 10.1" wxga only 286.99 after rebate(s)
NEU foxnews.com - new breeds showcased at 134th westminster dog show!
NEG plz rt 1)a cool nickname. i tried sheshewawabar but it was a no...djm it was off the top of my head! 2bcont...
POS you got it. b&w movie during campcamp. maybe a good camping movie?
POS looking forward to..rt london fashion week invites - thanks to everyone who has contacted us
POS top 10 amazing cities you will never visit
NEU hear my voice here: the sugarloaf ep [badman digital]
NEG lemmegetthisstr8 you weigh 250 but you thick and not fat? tryagain
POS photo: fuckyeahqaf: love gale and randy together
POS accepted, especially as that rt cracked me up
NEG ' d lovejbseyes ' im not on the computer im on my phone. my computers being so gaay
POS -pulls you in for a hug and holds you tight, closes my eyes-
POS haha! i love the little apple tote bag. this will be the first of many, i feel, now that we have the store on our doorstep EMO_HAPPY
NEU kismet and karma. they were not changed by external factor.
NEU rt : vancouver, the pros and cons of our splendid isolation -
POS the princes are royal beauts!
NEG its like they know i hate touching strangers and will automatically get up and stand for the rest of my ride. fuck faces.
POS flowers - one of the best sources to express your feelings -
POS good morning northwest! sunny weather, banging music, and the drive to conquer! tell me what else i need!
NEU if you've never been in love before how do you know how it feels? is that possible?
NEG clear skies but really cold
NEG rt _report: privacy group files ftc complaint on google buzz...
POS having a interesting conversation with my oldest uncle, man my family is a trip!
NEU rt : for the lost fans ... rt : don't miss tonight's episode. a number of things are illuminated.
NEU ted talks now online from both david cameron and gordon brown see for yourself EMO_HAPPY
POS chillin in my set
POS tihis is the week to buy select macbeth shoes at 50 % off get in there for a crazy deal !!!!!!!!!!!!
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- small looping jam vigeo 0001
NEG fuck, my ankle fucking hurts...
NEU _fubu someone needs to take a road trip to pulaski for those....
NEU _stackz oh shit.. well i was popp'n before popp'n was the thing to be... ok youngpunk.. so stopit5
POS i have time to twitter now EMO_HAPPY
NEG said he's sending me an 8x10 framed photo. told him that ish won't go up in my house. he's got a better chance with a 4x6. justsayin
POS sitting by a hot idiota! my life is amazing now.
POS i know you do bb. that's why i do it all the time
NEU i subscribed to jesseandstuff's channel on youtube
POS shen, zhao absolutely golden in pairs victory: china?s shen xue and zhao hongbo won the pairs gold medal at the va...
NEG he was like o shit oh fuck over and over again it worried me
NEU rt : kids: is on slashfilmcast at live now. i'm on at 8 pm pst with a big derrick announcement.
NEU going to heathers. ?
NEG alright....the norwegian curling team's clown pants have got to go.....make me queasy.
NEG shes not worth it....... (downin a miniature patrom bottle)! lmfao! i dont want to get a hangover~ just for her..
POS i think that maybe gaga is a bit borderline. love her tho
NEU rt : new blog post on google buzz (zzz)
NEG if i ask "anything else for you." don't answer "yes" and then just stare at me.
POS going to watch valentines day on thursday! soo exciting! i was jw if bradley cooper was in it coz my friends were debating it?x
NEG rt : becauseofbieber were all are here and going crazy over geting his attention
NEU someone just dmed me i still have a jets big grin on my twitter page. when i have time to turn on my laptop i will be sure to change it EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt _etsy: giveaway here--------> enjoy!
POS and so is lily allen so perfect match really
NEU live streaming view of the olympics at the main plaza. see if you can see yourself on the cam!
NEG sometimes i feel it might just be easier to spell my name the way everyone thinks it's spelt.
NEU rt : help pick this month?s consumer magazine cover with our short survey:
NEU at the doctors getting prescriptions for the year
NEU release that sea beast...and get kraken'
NEG the thought of an all-nighter makes me shudder. i'd be sleeping for days. days!
NEU more @
POS ^ds shit no problem, whats good didnt hit you up yesterday was in the studio all night
NEU : and adopted me to chinmaya! its a long story--> ippo ival chinmayayude thanga kudam aanu!
NEU rt : ui, lindooooo tira tudo -q (@_andrecoca live on
POS rt : i got some cherry limeaid n the fridge whats hanenen laugh out loud
POS happy birthday toooo meee EMO_HAPPY
POS yess! i loved it! taylor swift and anne hathaway are hilarious in it! EMO_HAPPY
NEU just uploaded a new photo on craftsu: buy and sell crafts
POS it'll be on iplayer in a couple of hours - you then have a week to enjoy it again!
NEG tip "in apps world, divide and conquer carries risks - nytimes.com" ( )
POS looking forward to plymouth tonight!!!
POS - my feelings for you, my superstar! little monsters will be with you 4ever. love you more than anything!
NEU you can now download your favorite mp3's at associates outlet online
POS bayh retirement plan fuels gop hope - sen. evan bayh, indiana democrat, said monday that he will not seek re-electi...
POS we need a breakthrough in israel. haiti needs you to be their only face of god they will ever see.
POS great news! sunday messages online! check out website and share with your friends.
NEG eeekkk! it's fucking cold outside! do i really wanna go play in this shit today?
NEU congrats! and hope for haiti campaign & sr. jane's jump.. fundraising at its finest hcsm hcmktg
NEU just repeated wat the last dub said (youtube
NEU internet caffe dai killing field di pol pot alla corsa per il congresso (by liside)
POS i love you so much! baaahahah!! just about everything you say and do cracks me up! we need a date asap!
POS about to have alot of bonding time with _claire at the hump
NEU how to hire the right person when you need a family lawyer - an inside look: most individuals in their lifetime will ut
NEG i hate being pushy so if you ever feel that way just tell me to stfu! since you posted the first i figured i'd give you the choice
NEU 6: dyson dc31 handheld vacuum
NEU i would realy lika a new free wacom!!! the one i have is old evernotewacom
NEU get more for your advertising dollar with truth2maingmoney.org the godfather traffic exchange.
NEG okay back home and i really should be doing work but all i wanna do is sit in front of the tv some more. gahhhhh
NEG "obama better start breaking kneecaps" and "time for obama to go ?gangsta? on gop" - the headlines from the...
POS congratulations tothe newly weds.
NEG man, you're really taking an orthodox position on puns.
POS oh my god a tweet frm yayyyyy !!! tour time!! hey yawl i am her support dancer so ff her please and support cuz she has intense talent2!
POS oh my god simran i found this for you in iceland!!
NEU rt : are you legally and truly married? i'm confused...<---yes papers are involved
NEG i dont think mnik is a must watch movie.
NEG rt : by the way i told them that al of you were goin mad on twitter. and marvin said: its all about them!
NEG rt : _dom stop using + to differenciate sentences. +it wrks doesn't it?
NEG even when i'm at home i feel like i need to get it. laugh out loud its like my tuesday internal clock.
NEG you said that i said so but in fact i didn't. how can i understand this?
NEU rt : lifetime achievement? how old is he? brits
POS hookah for the first time EMO_HAPPY w/ my girls sharise & kaydene ! at blue lizard hookah longue
NEU rt : tangytuesday greetings 2
POS iloveitwhenjustin doesn't reply to me, dm me, retweet me..nothing. & i love him so much. he never notices me. one day he will. i know it<33
POS lmao!! that's funny! when's this episode coming out? my 5yr old is already into icarly, and em preteen shows tho.. scary!
NEU sugar and lemon!! i'm having to wait until tomorrow to have pancakes.. *its killing me* hahah x
POS my heart is bursting forth idek i just love you i do really oh my god victoria i feel love
POS rt those sound sooo yummy! rt
POS there.. i am ready when he get the kids settled!!! i'll go say boo!
NEG how come the gov. doesn't use words of pain ie. this decision has been on him? see see his reply fljew
NEG going to sleep. doing homework and watching olympic curling and hockey all day tomorrow. 3:30 class, you'll be skipped, i bet.
POS tu ano yojopochile ~ come watch and chat with me!
POS i love to unfollow piece of shit people who unfollow you first =d
POS there?s no place like home at the irvine village of woodbury east - prlog (free press release): pr log (press rele...
NEU 
NEG - cleaning my room, heres a before picture
POS nandos is the greatest! can't beat a bit of spicy chicken! EMO_HAPPY
POS are you gonna be in any movie's shoutout to hayley and rachel EMO_HAPPY xoxoxox
NEU affordable house and lot for sale in silang tagaytay: location: silang, metro tagaytay, philippines
POS hope you enjoy. and follow hin .you'll got the latest rt : listening to mahesa utara. thanks :ppp
NEU rt _behavin_: sexting in america: when privates go public tomorrow on mtv. check the view website for details. theviewmoms
NEG _aziz mastodon o jls. bloody nancy boys compared to them!
NEU carl gladstone is selling a messagepad 130, messagepad 2000, a signed copy of ?defying gravity?, and other goodies.
NEG rt _pinch: this is what is wrong w/ healthcare. $1172? // rt : last week my dr referred me to er for an iv. the bill came in today. $1172 EMO_HAPPY
POS dudee well went to school then i chilled and soon im going to the hallmark store to get animal braclets then gymm:p
NEU rt : faroe islands review - explore the faroe islands - a fresher country: via
NEU morgen lamb of god, august burns red, between the burried and me und job for a cowboy ... ick freu mir tropfn inne hose!
POS sonam i love you very much....u are so beautiful...i cant express it...i dream about you daily....i wish i get a girlfriend like you
NEU that's a plan we can work on that
NEU rt : ticket offer for real food festival london (wish i could go)
POS bill bradley to receive award from nabc
NEU rt: rt : rt : rt aku nggak follow dong. ngapain coba? keenakan dia haha
POS are you looking for new tools to stylize your dance and boost your sexy factor? try our body movement class this friday night!
POS rt : i believe in unconditional love. just ask my 2 headed unicorn that lives atop a chocolate ice creme mountain in impossibletown.
NEU ooh i hate tht! the 19th is when you get new one? i'm good- back on the writing grind which alwys makes me EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt
NEU rt via others: you can board a flight using iphone.
NEU cause what you said wasn't english, and you kno it laugh out loud
POS no thx! rt : hey please follow , and i'll folllow you back, thanks <33
POS _oliver fantastic. we need this in america - so proud of your work in the uk
NEG the fire pager...the only damn thing that can wake me from deep sleep. not helping my migraine EMO_HAPPY
NEU river trek friday morning in preparation for the ecocamp! been years!
POS do you wanna come back to argentina, right? you want your nenas from argentina EMO_HAPPY haha
POS rt : this is great... letting you see the other side of social networking..
POS airlines grapple with fat flier issue. i think that if you are obese you need to buy two seats. - cnn
POS that's wus up! i have 2 this weekend so ill be in preperation tomorrow! do awesome! and you need to hit me up more on here
POS the new roommates look like the olsen twins -__-
POS rt : shout out to my compai _22 and the rest of the spc bball team....good luck tonite get (cont)
NEG you didnt reply to me (:.. i think you should, just because you can ?
NEU rt : do you really need hipster glasses? (via ) watch it! and yes there prescription!
POS you're penciled in my calender!
NEU nowplaying down for you - ashanti ft ja rule
NEG kobe misses 4th straight game (ap)
NEU play & download under the mountain (believe in the power of two)
NEU _dai idk, you tryna come to the crib?
NEU facebook leads in social media sharing and google buzz is trying to hop on the bandwagon - will it work?! nyusm1
POS the photoshoot. shoot i need to get a site together to show my photography skills. laugh out loud
NEG _again indeed. and you're tiny which makes you very squishable. dontgetsquished
POS - oooohh so proud of you, gagaloo you are living proof and inspiration that hard work does have it's rew
NEU how generous, what they think of themselves: shivsena to lift ban on aussie, pak cricketers... |
NEU rt : wedding planning courses and certification programs: digg digguser
NEU i subscribed to coldmirror's channel on youtube
NEU starting a new book (new to me). "jokes my father never taught me" by rain pryor
POS yay! i am going to email you the fancy pics we have of your tagline too! there are some in long beach - more info to come
NEG ain't no mountain high enough.
NEU rt : ***lost spoiler*** ben's eulogy for locke will likely go down as one of my favorite moments of the series.
POS why, yes, i think i will have a two hearted. thankyouverymuch iwillbenicerthen
NEG rt : talk is cheap!! any1 can afford it, its the action that pays off!!
NEU gudmrng....weather was very cloudy here,drinkin coffee n watchin movie..juz enjoyin my day EMO_HAPPY
NEG good, just trying to see if i get lucky today with the tito time, laugh out loud missed it yesterday he was on later than ususal EMO_HAPPY
NEU i had a lovely thing happen to me today: i have decided to embrace my complete lack of a plan b.
NEU don't get caught up on the hate, you roms are awesome and if they don't like them then they can piss off.
POS rt : shoutout to my new followerrr dellu - new york (dellu_ny). EMO_HAPPY i ? dell. EMO_HAPPY
NEU hootsuite or tweetdeck: which twitter client is right for you? (via ) howtoblog
POS i just scored 50388 while defending mt.cruze island and is now ranked 1235 in the world!
NEU thank god! rt obama had one full year of a filibuster proof supermajority and got absolutely nothing done. tcot ocra
NEU i just updated my background at also customize your google start page at
NEU might as well enjoy the snow right ? laugh out loud but i am jealous cuz my son said it's 75-80 in la right now
NEU i plan to document relevant with photos as well was words - as a photographer, my camera goes everywhere with me. getasponsor
NEU i shouldn't have ~that nme awards interview on my tk playlist... it makes me laugh so much when i'm on the bus/in public x)
POS ever since we learned about bob dylan in popular music and society i've heard him on the radio everyday. i sure hope this trend doesn't end.
POS so glad ex-service men/women and currents are against this
NEG thanks you ruined the show for me now...j/k
NEG these 3 hour classes def be killing me...i've been here for an hour and a half and i couldn't tell you you one thing my professor said so far
POS rt _snl: i live 4 this shit... i bleed music!!
NEU rt : why we should listen while others speak!
NEU haha! rt : tscc summerglaupicspam lulz poorapple
NEU sexual intercourse position -}}} chesapeake bk manager fired after arrest on child porn charges man behind po
NEU learnxpress introduces imagegear for silverlight
NEG i found out my ex is engaged, he had the nerve to say "it coulda been you" o_o the arrogance of this dude is *hilarious*. betteroffsingle
POS rt : rt @_ilovecm_jmtrki: no problem EMO_HAPPY you do music ?x ? hw cn you nt knw who (cont)
NEU why*you*as 1st~best2share o2 ez o2breakthru comparative studies findings? healthy *pls rt*
POS today's mantra: "each day is a new day filled with unlimited possibilities. each day is an opportunity to awaken to the truth i am."
NEG rt _money1 ight ded ass imma burnt shit now ight bett (that's what i said right byeee
POS i've said it before and i'll say it again...that is the most perfect posterior in history! i would love to spank it
NEG lost a follower EMO_HAPPY i follow 1990 people and i only have 1100. shoutouts please? even if i dnt follow back, you can be my missing followers.
NEU listening to el porque de tus silencios by enrique bunbury on : nowplaying
NEU idk, i really don't post that much on others except cpt and if someone asks me to.
POS it's entirely your decision but i think it will be gangsta for all her barbies to have it...a lot of us already have them!
NEU i just took the "c?rebro feminino ou masculino?" quiz and got: masculino! try it ?
NEG why cant i ever wake up n say "good morning everyone" *kicking rocks with an attitude* its always "good afternoon" which i cut dwn to wussup
NEU what the sport of golf needs is mixed gender or partnered tournaments, men and women playing in same tournaments.
NEU htc desire listed for ?419 at amazon's german portal:
POS have you heard the gloriana cd? i like it....
POS this is all yours. you're the owner of this world.
NEU nonton ovj,ngakak! sd roboh dan sd elite.. haha
NEG i'm waiting to see if something better comes out... that and the purchase of a macbook pro in the next year is looming...
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- $650 burning green laser contest!
NEG a day of writing about us foreign policy and gothic story-telling awaits. best not get the two mixed up.
NEG rt : idontunderstandwhy is my lil brother always annoying.
NEG net throttling hasn't stopped
NEU doesn't you phone do gps? i forgot mine last week in atl and just used my phone - not great but it worked....
NEG i'm always up... i'm feedin the baby right now.. my mind is heavy too
NEG i often have no idea i'm enraged until i notice my knuckles turning white.
NEG also trying to upload dance vids but they're avi files and i can't work out how to convert them to mpeg so its taking time
NEU feel like a trip on the trans-siberian railway? google russia will take you there. |
NEG rt _hearts yuppp smh somebody need 2 choke life out that whore what the fuck wrong with some of these simple minded fools
NEG gosh i feel horrible EMO_HAPPY
NEG bruno from rio in brazil - sorry bruno, there's no way i can spell your second name!
NEG rt : "what is it that you like doing?if you don't like it, get out of it, because you'll be lousy at it"lee iacocca
NEU before you sink your teeth into this bread ? <- great story of successful niche marketing for localfood!
POS rt oooh i'm at 1,973 now! not many more and i'll hit that magic 2k followers! ;-)
NEU sharewik.com - think webmd meets facebook where you can learn from the experience of others: socialnetwork
POS i'm so glad my cousin _1985has somebody to look out for her down there!!!!
NEU i really hope that it was angry feedback. metro is horrible.
NEU uk plc and sterling forex markets posted by: peter jones
NEU new blog post: how much does it cost to buy apple's new, ipad?
NEU rt : shout out to all the urban djs bringing diversity to the radio. new streaming now from va!!!!
NEU library of the future in plain english:
NEU rt : rt : _black gets one last word in on the "future of food writing."
NEU what did you get, and how were the prices?
POS i hope i get 2 train wit these niggies tomorrow, get my combine game up laugh out loud
POS lmfao we do d: i think its cute too xd
NEU video: part 2. ?put them on, you strike a match. poooof!?
NEU rt : wynn wynn ong purse lands the cover of women?s wear daily
NEG i think we all should get over j's hair for a while. yes, he cut it/shaved it/etc, and well...he's the only one (cont)
POS ummm ultravoilet, nothing but the truth,adventureland, chicago and nine ahahah
NEU jst met my 2nd cousinsz! they are pretty nice! but now im boredd...!
NEG "there comes a moment when you have to stop revving up the car and shove it into gear."
NEU dms: crysonic updates spectralive nxt to v3.5: 17th february 2010: crysonic has updated spectralive nxt to v3.5, o...
NEU what type you looking for? gimme more description or i'll end up showing you furry leopard prints in loud colours again. laugh out loud
NEU i just reached citizen level 5 in smallworlds and now hold the title of citizen.
NEU rt : first impressions of park slope's mack's bar & grill in park slope:
NEU vanity is a fresh magazine styled premium wordpress theme by gorillathemes design for fashion / celebrity gossip
POS rt : free copy of the genie's curse to a participant at tomorrow night's coffeetime chat. topic is sacrifice.
POS nice to know true love exists rt : grandparents are celebrating 68 years of marriage today. crazy! rva
NEG amazing. wisewords rt you can't solve a problem with the same consciousness that created it. -einstein
POS if you wish was you boyfriend then tweet --> iwishjbwasmybf at the end of your tweets. EMO_HAPPY ?
NEG i was hungryrt : grubbing
NEG cez halts approvals for solar, wind power plants | solarif
NEG i think you just broke my heart....
NEG i swear everytime i wake in the chinese people kno me n wat i want they jus start cookin my shit! fatshit i mean wat if i want sumthin new smh
POS the best is yet to come, better days are just ahead EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : wonderful snow photography by piotr krzaczkowski - amo images: via
POS rt : home for a few hours, it's sunny and 74, and played mess of me just as i started my car. not a bad way to come home! -tim
NEU rt : le playstation network sur t?l?phone portable -
NEU twitter is the reflection of the lowest cravings of humanity. it's always about sex, food, tv and sometimes about cats. best saw ever heard
NEG paclpackpack still not cleaned. i have decided to do the least possible. um yeah.. sorry :d
POS (me & my pile of fresh smelling laundry are waiting for dwdd)
POS rt : cocaine is a hell of a drug.<~ yes it is
POS rt _mag: um yeah... we're ready for this video EMO_HAPPY
NEG q:ash wendsday is one of the biggest christian holidays. ... a:not for baptists. but thanks EMO_HAPPY
NEU that album isnt my favorite i like his old stuff but ir still isnt bad. i stiill love him
NEU interesting video on employer branding in the next decade. by rt
NEU sell your products online with us today. and get website traffic forever...
POS checking the menu @ tennessee red's bbq, & the smoke wafting thru the air smells damn good. this might be dinner.
NEU latest news from italy - milan 2-3 manchester united --> ~ webtvitaly
NEU you're truly my best friend, but sometimes you pissed me off a lot. get a life, pls.
POS you are one of the reasons that made my day meaningful, deaar! ?
NEG ohh.. that is waaayyy tooooo long.. i need sleep and i need it now
POS mariah carey is my definition of perfection!
NEU i just voted & for "top twitter lovers" vote too:
NEG and fail for sending this as the wrong twitter first.
NEU how do tissa and other aps affiliates top the gdi leaderboard each week and make those bonuses? ad
NEU just joined a video chat with 7 other people at tinychat
NEG if you're shopping at walmart your paying too much
NEG you missed meeting me and watching anushkas performance:-(
NEU see my last tweet
NEU 4: lesportsac kasey crossbody
NEG man what the fuck the cops was at my house ringing da door bell in shit they tryin to get me fuck dat i aint goin back !!!!!!! grn
NEU photo: aowins:
NEG (8)and now you wanna pretend that your a superstar, and now you want us to end what's taken you this far, dont tell me that your done as...
POS i completely agree, i dont care about frames and picas! lets just throw some pictures on a page and that will be that!
NEG why did i go to class? the class skipping calculator even told me not to go.
POS welcome to my life!!! EMO_HAPPY
POS _group pink diamond g-shock...oooh?? take pics...i want to see! EMO_HAPPY
NEG goddamn it, ! the timer very specifically said 1 minute and 50 seconds or so! i did not pass 2 minutes! getting annoyed.
NEG if you were accused of being a christian, would there be enough evidence to convict you?
POS you dont walk into love, you fall head over heels EMO_HAPPY i listen to his heart beat because it plays my favorite song EMO_HAPPY
POS me too!! rt : i love the smell of chlorine in the morning.
NEU tech trends broadband reform emphasis should be jobs
POS omg!!!!! jeremy scott just came up to me to take a pic.... i'm stoked!!!!! it's got to be the jacket.
POS january giveaway wrap-up and more freebies for new subscribers -
NEU pleaserobme.com, the new facebook for burglars
NEU advertising: general mills targets 3 groups to fuel growth
NEU - snapshot 3 of 3.
POS teen vogue recs "remember me" if you're a lost fan..is it bc of emilie or does the movie have time travel islands it's not advertising?! laugh out loud
NEU emanuele pirro was one of the main factory drivers for the audi marque le mans effort, including the american le...
NEU youngsta was good last night, but why does everything seem to par me these days..
NEU may i deduct products i've bought as research for work? because i write erotica, and i bought a couple of new sex toys for research...
NEG well todays all rong and i cant stop the pain im my heart and my finger that waz slammed ina door it [purple] and nasty haha comment if you?
NEU picked up some new ebooks today to read on the plane. this place has ebooks really cheap.
POS wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.-- anthony j. d'angelo
NEU how the ipad fits into it
NEU rt : youtube video -- asheville twestival global 2010 - why we support it!
NEU why is it so difficult to lose weight after 30? ? wonderful one: have you tried to lose weight after thirty? wasn'...
POS naww i just love you are thoughts jimmy. they're the same as mine and when you write them i feel like you are huggin me. ily! <3, x
POS i gotta feeling - black eyed peas. ready to get this early party started???? me, yessss!!!! ^^
NEG so marsha, just one word "sorry' and that's all
NEU 
NEU all you have to do is follow and retweet to win an itunes gift card and even an 8gb ipod touch!!!
NEU ray vincente at dc fashion week:
POS let me in on some juicy (and tasty) details. i'd like to write something about you - remember;)
NEU rt : followsheknows rt this & be entered to win $500. winner will be picked from rts and announced on twitter on 2/26 @ 12pm mst.
NEU view our recent topics, don't forget as a member you can subscribe and bookmark all forums and threads.
POS making her bags to go to antwerp. mwahaha, 2morro alone with mother in law. gonna be a big laugh :d *poke poke*
NEU rt : the one who turns to his friends and says, 'that's her'.
NEU 165: coming soon to a church near you, ninja pastors - atheism
NEU fonda, my life: howard teichmann nannybebette us
NEG my fat ass cuzin broke my table this boi 9 nd weigh 210 & thy mad at me cuz i'm yellin at him. his fat ass shouldn't of sat on a glass table
NEU rt : 50% off photobooks! enter coupon code 50offbooks at the checkout.
NEG i'll give in and then take it out on myself by running extra miles...stupid cookies
POS yes, you and ... that was the good jam i remember. EMO_HAPPY
NEU looks like facebook is down for some
NEG i have spent all day dealing with computer issues. grrrr!
NEU kansas city,mo | sara lee | route sales representative - kansas city | tweetajob | | jobs
NEU rt rt : montclair vs. east orange basketball rivalry imfromjersey what up?...lol *lmaooooooo
POS _w_ddub thank you. i told him its his birthday he said no its 2morrow. laugh out loud !
POS wake up in the morning feelin so damn krispyy, i grab my coat im out the door its about to be real frisky.
POS online opportunities for internet marketing - get ideas by the score!
NEU need advice on what clutch to go with. daily driver dig racer.: well its that time again for me. my spec stage 2 i...
NEU newspapers opeds on sex education
NEU rt : you made my day..i can't stop laughing..you already know why..lmao<-- wasn't she wrong tho??
NEG / _ben talk? you weren't very interested in talking during that... meeting with _foster and i earlier.
NEG wow people need to grow the fuck up....got kicked outta my dads house last night cuz hes childish and treats his house like a fuckicn prison.
POS welcome! i loved the little bird, great job, haha!
NEG performed after the baby was delivered via c section. my god, this is getting more and more harrowing. poor women. rtept
NEG looking at the word metadata, he spent two days on that note, 27 revisions. yet still managed to leave an unintelligible manifesto.
POS for you or for the kids? EMO_HAPPY
NEU facebook overtakes yahoo: now the second most visited site in u.s.
NEU computer eye strain: 10 steps for relief
NEU just finished watching american idol and now i'm watching materials girls on mbc4
POS rt : lmao...on second thought, you just may be right laugh out loud told u....lol
NEU up slappin hella music..i need to go to sleep hahaha
NEU rt : big link "subversion is now apache subversion" by jameseh
POS be back later ya'll! talk to you then!
POS yes!!!!! rt am i the only one who wants tyris thomas to stay with the bulls
NEU with . there are people who want cheney to run for president here.
NEU downloads needed
NEU _ria well, let me go to the jungle and catch them for ya...
NEU ap source: mcgrady to knicks in three-way trade: person tells ap knicks get mcgrady from rockets; houston gets kin...
POS i might have 2 take a trip 2 east 2 and watch or join one day lmaoooo twitterafterdark hahah im going to bed
NEG andy roddick and james blake to miss davis cup
NEU 
NEU kebiasaan bgt sih hhh. by the way now i'm at adhi's
NEU just voted "maria" on "which wwe diva's got the best smile?" vote too ?
NEU report: ?band-aid approach to public health is inadequate? health emergency preparedness.
NEU momofuku was good but a bit over priced. in my opinion  i'd rather go to jean georges and spend $60 for lunch than momofuku.
NEU clemente, sutton lead kansas st. past nebraska (ap)
NEG _wright_ there's not as much suppression as you think. you've been looking at pure propaganda dressed up as reporting.
POS i wonder if my followers will ever reach double figures :-?
POS - a pic is so adorable you look rlly pretty ! xx
POS hey eric i think if you did more freeruns you would get tons of views an... (youtube
POS cost cuts help mgm mirage narrow loss: with some help from cost-cutting and relatively stable occupancy rates in l...
POS rt : the daily stat: fewer sick days in green buildings
POS theres a band called deep throat my shotgun.... i like them already
POS ja, that's good... it's really local stuff.... tomorrow do you need some killepitsch for stock replacement at home????
NEU haha...he makes me laugh. and then cry. and then ponder life. then remember to do my taxes.
POS good luck hustling that ducati around the track this year. if anyone can make it work, apart from casey, i reckon you can.
NEG i know this new kid is gay! i always go into my bag and i see him staring at me. i can see him even if im looking forward fml
POS sooo looking forward to seeing tonight!!!
POS so i was just daydreaming on my drive back to work... i wanna go back to school for nursing
POS omfg today was awesome, i never thought i'd say i had fun at school laugh out loud but i did!!!!! oh yeah, nerd in the making
NEU mafia wars exposed! this secret guide could make you top boss!
NEG , just saw the tweet about my lying all the time. not true!
NEU like said: was he at least cute? rt : i am fairly confident i just got hit [on] a dude..
NEU national car insurance-it only takes a few minutes to see how much you can save on car insurance.
NEU save the date: soprano laquita mitchell in recital. feb 26 @ 7 pm, sisters chapel.
NEG rt shewashornyuntil i called her sumbody else name in our cyber sex story =/ major fail > laugh out loud damn
NEU rt : (ft) commercial space flight is the future for the nation and florida should learn to compete, walker said.
NEG i didn't follow all of them. you can go to the website and there is a list. look at the last people i followed.
POS - mr. riguman!!!
POS - wow
NEG didn't you like tayshaun? he held on to him too long. he's fucked us. we have exp contracts. teams are selling low
POS yeahhh!! rt : my top subjects? twitter. ohjustlikeme
NEU i subscribed to bassmaster421's channel on youtube
NEU rt : tweetup with hosts iconicchef _cooks with
POS _s_b we'd be happy to send more options your way: help .com
POS we dedicate this song to you "take you anywhere" g.m.b. (g man band) feat
NEU listening to system of a down's "steal this album!" while watching winter olympic curling and hockey
POS _also need to back at the end.. EMO_HAPPY
NEG ughh my tweet was too longggg and they shortened it
POS the best thing about me is you.
NEU which side are you on? you know you have one.
NEG - oh the irony.
POS yup, and much more. we have integration with linkedin, facebook & twitter. not to mention fast search, etc.
NEG gosh,i sure hope that twitter doesn't kill me 4 making all kinds of new accounts & "fake" e-mails since they say all my "real" ones are taken!
NEG how am i a stupid fool what!?
NEU hit for haiti at indian wells: million dollar exhibition with federer, nadal, sampras and agassi: it?s great to se...
NEU imfrommilwaukee where inhighschool club h20 and club pure used to be poppin!!
POS iran's brinkmanship is paying off nuclear iran
NEG __z i'd come back and get you but have to read to my little boy - pox is bad
POS very productuve right now finished an assignment in bout a hour which means i'm on a roll
NEU if man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and apes?
NEG are there any engineers in miami that do morning sessions??? afternoon and night???? and i'm dead a$$ serious super annoyed w/ ppl!
NEU olympic silver medal? birthday? aisle top that!
NEG and im tweeting this because its happening to more than one owner of jboverdose . 2/3 are involved in it . so if we seem sad , thats why .
NEU listing to flip major ft. kyle christopher & d.r - naughty girl illl...
NEU i need to be my vocal coach
NEU dreamed of washing my hands last night then said "i'm done"
NEG metal roof may have a lifetime guarantee but if all the gaps aren't sealed you'll have a leak! here's how to detect it
NEU _bizzle3 ok mami im sorry that shit happened last night EMO_HAPPY jus like i told my nigha *kiss on the cheek*
NEU as some of you may know, we have done a couple shows at this awesome store called "the stitchery". a few days ago,...
POS q:how old do you have to be to purchase alchohol? a:18. ;))
NEU bottom of the ocean, minha preferida EMO_HAPPY welovecyrus
NEU the family dinner: are there no limits to its power?
POS yea he nice with rhymes i give him that
NEG i could beat you even if you cut off my arms and legs youisaweenie
POS nathan amaral's blog: the dynamic power of prosperity: prosperity is so much more than money or material possessio...
POS rt it's not too late to join team aya to train for the ing half marathon! this week: 8 miles... <--map
POS swity! watsup?rt : *hey ? :)rt : mehn, wat a nite. jst wat i needed 2 get my mind off al my problms....nice 2 knw you
NEU [hacienda] late lounge lover
POS beautiful morning! special hello to the kids at 35th street school. we see how hard you are working!
POS for the first time, i got a scholarship :d - i am happy today because i get a scholarship. for the first time...
POS thanks sir, i already recieved the confirmation message.. wuhoo !!! good luck to all aspirants !!
POS ?basically, our goal is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful.? larry page
POS rt : holy subversionpart one - rev. trevin wax has released the book holy subversion. i have the privilege of reviewing...
NEG i am tired of the bitchassness, you fucking right.
NEG i would really like to know if anyone was paying attention in english class? some people are the worst and i'm not talking a/b on twitter.
POS most of mine are ard 250 n above but highest i've got is 500+? try egyptian cotton. most posh hotels use tat too! heaven!!
POS obsession of the week: bcbg's way-cute animal models from
NEG house now full of sons and husband. there'll be no more amoking for now ...
NEU huaaaa,cups*malu*rt : likesrt : finish shopping at giant,hmmm so (cont)
NEU wow addon spotlight: loot addons
POS the twit cleaner looks awesome i'm trying it now.
NEU ask what you want, ill answer what i know
NEU xforce articles: unsecured loans- free helpful knowledge base for credits
NEU attheendoftheday itss me against da worldd so i scream ftww high & proudd!!!
POS rt : atlchicks ain't shit! thats why i'm in indianapolis yeahisaidthatshit- hey my bestie is from atl, she's a really good person
NEU rt : ff
NEU how to manifest your thoughts. watch this video rt
NEU rt : this is a call to our fans tomorrow supporting your team is not a crime
NEG laptop has no charger. i cannot do my composition remake.
POS ff my big sis she's 1 of the best mommy's i kno
NEU latest issue of urban elite is now live!! featuring the hip hop 4 haiti events of january 30th rt
NEU today is my 'play day' don't expect anything serious from me....:p
NEG melo like black moon i gotcha opin ! dam george karl with the cancer diagnose hard for me not to root for the nuggets !
NEG i went to italy last year and tweeted. i also went to jamaica and didn't bother to blog much. too busy being naughty. tee he
POS everyone, please give a big twitter welcome to ! follow them to see what gibson has brewing in the uk.
NEU you have 1 week left to enter our online photo contest! houston photo
NEU we might not make it to the room ;9
NEG my stomach is off the fuckin wall ! you wudda thought i ate vans
NEG my dreams are haunting me!!!
NEU people need to learn how to distinguish between the right things to hold on to from the past and the wrong things you shouldnt hold on to.
POS portsmouth keeper james: i am back to my best
NEU let's get the band back together.
NEU action game of the year winner: modern warfare 2 dice aias
NEU photo: dammitjessica: bok lahoang! EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt hey pray-ers out there. please pray for my little nephew dean. he collapsed today and the doctors don't know why. (via ..
NEU finally got my sushi deluxe. kinda reminds me of the original oishii... yea right! haha there is only one original oishii ! sushiaddiction
NEG pride goeth before the fall EMO_HAPPY and let's be honest, i'm *way* more likely to stoop to dirty tricks. "hi, kenny? it's me, john..."
NEG i would never call myself jonasfannr1 cause everyone is jonasfannr1 :))
NEU just voted "no! what happened to you? bitch!!" on "camillashouldtowintheworstpersonintheworldawar?" vote too ?
POS rt : life is about taking chances, losing and finding happiness, appreciating the memories and learning from the past .<3
POS outstanding poker training center - start making money today!
NEU did you see the laurence fishburne csi 10 interview in the straits times? "leave my life out of csi"
POS goodnight.......world. neeta copy poa and and and q7-8 tomorrow. shhh haha
NEG rt : i know you got my mufuckin text! i did
NEU escuchando el festival de villarrica
NEG no gas and no money until the 5th of march. i can't even make it home for spring break...............*exhausted sigh*
POS win a $25 american express gift card giveaway from
NEG cool i want to buy a bb but are they hard to modifyy?
NEG rt : i feel like crap! didnt get much sleep.part of me dont want to go to kelly clarkson concert tonight as i'm tired and stressed out
POS thanks to my dealers who joined us for our webinar this week. hope the info helped. dealers glad to be selling ts5's. have a great day!
NEU ahhhh the good ol' smoke ting and pass out method thanks
NEG ?i am so sorry?.. ok let?s play golf! y/9yfeko
NEU bakit kulay orange yung lake? uuhm, maybe somebody threw an orange into the lake kaya nagkulay orange..
NEU imfromstlouis a.k.a the almost rural part of missouri
NEU 3?????
POS learn the one skill (chipping) that will save you strokes -
NEG am i rdy 2 go back 2 cali so soon after grandma passin away?? don't know if a stop 2 cali after cabo is a good idea but i miss my fam. EMO_HAPPY
NEG thanks for the short chat. sorry i had to bail. 9 hours of work is nearly impossible to get through when i don't get enough sleep.
NEU can it be midnight right now so i can go to sleep?
NEU submit your nanoloops to
NEG laugh out loud keesh that's not nice! i will curse you 2 out later smh
NEG i dont like when people at work bring fish for lunch in a hot ass office at that
NEU rt : new music dj's download sampler 8 featuring: and more...
NEG i fell asleep txtn my bb_bb las nite... i thank i ean stalked him in my sleep zzzbb_bbzzz bwuahahaa
NEU "mobile entertainment's worth more than ?30 billion pounds worldwide" andrew bud, mblox. took months to get my ?10 back, wasn't entertaining
NEG you should give it to me because i know the truth behind the morrigan!
NEU free digsby! integrate your msn, yahoo, aim, icq, jabber, facebook, twitter accounts into one interface! comp
POS the french alps offer excellent skiing conditions wid some of d world's best skiing resorts..
NEG fuck my life but i will save your life
NEU according to , it's a bachelor party. where the groom-to-be simulates sex acts.
POS shoutout to all mha new followers !
POS ultra rare dress hat by tiffany new york great hat!!!!
NEG ipod shit? i guess...i still dont understand. and im sorry you miss her....u should text her and stuff. how come you havent talked 2her?
NEU paula deen has postponed her visit to - if you have tickets, they are still good. date she is returning tbd.
NEG oil drilling off the falkland islands will begin next week despite argentine opposition, the uk territory's go..
POS rt ff follow my honeys... r&bs best shot at stayin alive: you'll never be disappointed!
NEU use one word that best describes me. copy this to your status, so you can see what peo...:
NEU rt : target was shaun white sponsor in '06, but might get bigger returns after launching signature line in '08.
NEU stabroek news - the republic, the parties, the mash: and the other dozen ?parties? we have on the road on mash day...
NEG you can start the one saying "no".
NEG rt : if you have to apologize for sex addiction, i guess i need to talk to the hand. myhand
NEU last day to sign up for business.com directory inclusion & save $75! use code list35 & drive more buyers to your site:
NEU phokus on lounge: weird love by moodoramalisten:
NEU rt _mane which one you think a trend the fastest? isittrue iheard or whotoldu ? whotoldu !!
NEG isitme or do your balls fall in the toilet water when your taking a shit as well?
NEU that's good to hear - i hope to not do any "crash testing" with it. EMO_HAPPY i'll use you as expert evidence instead.
POS rt a little bit longer and i'll be fine .
POS rt : dontjudgeme just because my girl is better than yours
NEU rt : who wants to win tickets to jeans bring dreams concert? follow _lily
POS becoming more of a mac enthusiast after spending the past hour trying to get our expense/receipt web program to work.
NEU 31 things i wish i?d known about dating when i was 21: glamour.com: via
NEU EMO_HAPPY i think its possible. i'll always work hard but 1) i cant skip exercise 2) i need to take days off to hike. 'nuff said
NEU i fux with chowder!! i stopped watchin the lakers for this... haha
POS i am sooooo excited!! i can't wait to see it!!
NEG imfromkc where we think a party is a bunch of niggas sitting around smoking weed fuckouttahere i moved to san antonio
NEG to be quite frank. i'm extremely brittle right now. that is all.
POS rt : goodnight my luvs. "everyone wants to be somebody, but nobody wants to be themselves."
NEU i'd like to use one of my wishes. i don't understand what laglag-panti means. please explain ~lady~
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- give us some subcribe
POS if you're interested in promoting your twitter profile, you should check out featuredusers.com.
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- against me! - stop! [rock the vote version]
NEU did you go to columbia for j-school? i think i remember you are name from the class of 06. am now working for bberg tv.
NEU and by hook up, i mean meet at least once irl, f2f, or whatever you want to call it. just trying to get my arse organized...
POS im off to wigan this weekend to watch tottenham...first away game in agesssssss and taking emily with me wooo x
POS the ultimate super soviet russian team sure has been scrambling the last few minutes.
POS it's not about grief, but about how great it is! i loved it so i went twice to the movies (and being a student i have no money).
NEU my living room rendering and my pantry door...
NEU magic follows you around today, but this can become annoying i... more for pisces
POS my grin  whats goody whens your lunch
POS someone found 9 fine restaurants in colorado springs, colorado - with did they find you?
NEU yes, some good news! rt : monday storm trending less snowy, more rainy:
NEG no you wont. _billiam pointed out that a few others are using it.. and its an adjective. but whatever.
NEU number portability in select cities by may: the muchawaited mobile number portability will be rolled out in ...
NEU jack in the box inc. f1q10 (qtr end 01/17/01/10) earnings call transcript
NEG wish i could be at the talent show right now. but i have the worst sore throat everrr
POS rt to win a fab fashion week gift bag, also in the bag... jeans!!! (winner chosen at random) rvtips
NEG people are overrated and i'm over it, blah.
NEG rt to clarify: reid says if reconciliation is chosen, public option will come to vote. no final decision on reconciliation
NEU is making sunday, feb. 21st a starbucks day. who wants to go and support starbucks?
NEG i dunno whose idea of a joke this was, but i was in wyshynski-ville (new jersey) this year and is in my homeland for two weeks.
NEG imfromgvegas where da good die young! rip my nigga skee
POS im just gonna clear my mind of everything and just smile and live.
NEG on tv: "lost" spoiled bastard. late...and lost?: part of me doesn't feel so guilty about posting this on thursday,...
NEG ive done all my homework for the holidays from maths. and i really cba doing the maths homework EMO_HAPPY argh.
POS no artshow...no driving...ready to relax w/ a glass of wine and good company.
NEG rt she needs a damn oscar for this performance she putting on, i quit porn to be with him, girl shut the front door
POS chilli but it feel so darn good... headed to this party and then directly to the airport... no sleep till tomorrow night.... let's go!!
NEU rt wars comes and goes, but my soldier stays eternal
NEU womens ruby red rose headband with a touch of plume--
NEU rt : ageloc?s surprising results: posted by helen knaggs
POS fun night of nba2k10 with my cousins. discovery of the night: pwede pala ang 5 controllers sa ps3 haha. fyi. it takes five!
NEG i am shaking and its not from the cold
NEG death 2 you wackbitches!
POS rt : best prince song that hasn't been played to death? i vote for "sign o' the times": <--i vote for "peach". great guitar work
POS thanks to everyone that gives me blogspot love! -hugs- (=
NEU rt : ???????rt rt : ?????????????????????????????????????????????????
NEG q:y are you awake? a:because im bored and cnt sleep EMO_HAPPY help
POS : yes we are! who cares. haha just kidding well stay awake. goodluck,, i'll pray for you
NEU 19th century france crashes london fashion week (afp)
POS _bieberloverxo lmao! its okay ^.^ everyone loves you xd
POS i'm lip syncing to the song!
NEG _la_vie help me.! i need someone to unbore me.
POS my all time favorite episode of sonny with a chance is the talk show .. i think is hilarious in it !!! :d
NEU tories plan biggest shake up of income tax system since second world war
POS me is going to follow her tumblr. hehehe
NEU latest insurance guide and tip @ auto insurance busab free online car insurance quotes
NEU riches begin in the form of thoughts! time to put those thoughts into actions! options @ gotycoon
NEU bonding with bone. and i think only people in the northwest use inscents..
NEU speed skate feb 21 (dowtown) $325: for cat a -----> $ 425 each
NEG the ibprofen isnt doing what its meant to.
NEU check out and follow: - follow cf to get your name tweeted!
NEG now you've shattered my illusion. i must go to london town and see what the real people are like.
POS rt : just got a big project at work. this is gonna be great, i cant wait to show out <--- yeah! do it the james way!
NEU tumpuk2an dimobil kecil sm _oecoep tepan ario ilham'
NEU just joined a video chat with 33 other people at tinychat
NEG rt : iwouldliketoknow why niggas with big ass dicks wear skinny jeans??
NEU - ?????????;///;??????~><
POS nowplaying ss-tested and true. EMO_HAPPY
NEU real men: real man rob tisinai saw a photo of this bumper sticker making the rounds at the conservative political ...
NEG be warned. it will fuck you up
POS thankyou for the song :))
NEG people are getting on my damn nerves today... buuut, i'm still in an ok mood for some reason.
NEU youknowitslovewhen you diggn in eachothers noses//belly buttons, etc. laugh out loud
NEU oh i know.
POS today, i want to study hard because tommorow the 2nd t.o. wish me luck EMO_HAPPY
NEU for the first time lina got a samsung 40 inch lcd tv online for free just by entering her zip code!..woot ad
POS you called it. get the hairdryer out. and hair clippers. EMO_HAPPY
NEU i am screwed. trust me on that one. there have been so many past evidences haha. 2 weeks now! work hard, sash!!
NEU computer engineer barbie has square glasses! ..... of course!
NEG i feel like everything i have ever established is worthless
NEG _thaadream same so mad skool on monday wish diss skool shit was ova buhh i only got like 4months soo yea how was ya break???
NEU - me
POS can't believe how contagious it is! my neighbors are listening to the jonas brothers! :d so awesome EMO_HAPPY
NEU [sacbee] bill would overturn mandated search for homosexuality cure
NEU i say hi back, but only to half of you. decide amongst yourselves who i am addressing.
POS _mj_real ppppprrrriiinnncccee!i'm sahana how are you?please reply me and thanks for my list.you rock!
POS _aches black. or rainbow. whatever you like baby!
NEU the fastest way to meet local singles: depending on where you live, the choice of available singles can be limited...
POS i think imma leave naldo and marry whoever inveted the new robitusdin " improved taste" cause they're just amazing!
NEG rt changing my last name to goodell, when i get fined the headlines would say goodell fines goodell again, randomthoughtthatsf
NEU just cause 2 - anatomy of a stunt: fuel tanks hd
NEU wordpress plugin auto-sending your new blog posts to delicious, twitter, tumblr and diigo -
POS & thanks 4 following me.!u're anytime welcome - can you help me to ask if he can dm me pls.?!<3
NEU mdvs rt : stubbs came to ut from nearby tuscola hs in waynesville, n.c. same as vols qb jonathan crompton.
POS great time with , , _real_fisch , and the rest of the - awesome game fsj
NEU 11 steps to empowerment through nlp (neuro-linguistic programming)... learning self-hypnosis and nlp /
POS chinnes take out.tv.and computer this is the life laugh my ass off
NEU trust me, i may have strange methods, but they haven't failed me yet.
POS ok. i want to see alice in wonderland 3d at imax but need to book. i been snooping....loved gamer too!
NEU adoption agencies business list
POS giant rabbit! the same kind of rabbit as what we had but 3x bigger.
POS everyone help me wish a "happy birthday!" even if you don't know/follow her... tweet her today! send her lots of love! ?
NEU rt : want to do more, invest more, support more?
NEG a teddy bear. and you'd be losing.
POS 3 hour lifting, conditioning, and ab workout at 8 this morning, awesome. gettin recognized at the bball game tonight, scholar athlete night.
NEG i have been having the very same problem.
NEU rt : rt : rt : promote malem minggu? rt! unlimited koooooook! sepuasnya!
POS levelling multiple alts on raf, much easier to buy bracelets and get a level or two each day.
NEU rt : spay-ghetti and no balls dinner benefitting spay neuter kansas city 2/26 -
POS rt : just erased four tweets so could have my 10000th tweet 0_0 so here it is :d
NEU "r" you been hanging around stuy and ville people too much laugh out loud
NEU paul: ?the revolution is alive and well? >>
NEU i'm gonna laugh if the race is rained out this weekend - it's looking bleak on my end
NEG program targeted in fort jackson probe moved: a u.s. army program at the center of a probe into allegations that m...
NEU updated my blog with 2x pioneer cdj-1000mk3 & 1x djm-800 mixer dj package--$1200
NEU what is there to do on a friday night?!?
NEG just remembered al and i were pure jiving to mowgli's road at last night. oh dear.
POS i'd pay handsomely for an autographed copy.
NEG rt : making up lies, rumors & making someone look bad because there's no real reason for you to dislike that person is pathetic.
NEU i found this site to get christian followers:
NEU bella *looks around and smirks, walks up the stairs quietly and ducks into the bathroom thinking thats were you hid them*
NEU the tale of an android phone (and facebook) in the earthquake in haiti -
POS i feel you my dude only way.
POS feels like i should try and get more out of my mac today.
POS follow and i'll dm justin for you! the first person who tells me that they followed her, i'll dm him for ya EMO_HAPPY
NEU ? the crunge by led zeppelin lastfm: amazon:
POS has kenny chesney had his cowboy hat surgically attached to his head yet? if not, i say go for it buffett jr. what have you got to lose?
NEU rt : life give to the giver and takes from the taker
POS rt _me_zuli: ooooooh i think ima make some fried shrimps w french fries.<< i want some
POS _addict glad you ladies made it safely...have fun
POS jon montgomery's gold medal start!!! go canada!!!
POS rt : you don't have to ruin the beautiful petals of a flower, because you know from the start that i love you more.=) EMO_HAPPY
NEG 02/20/2010: police commissioner says christianity does not make the police soft and meek (times of swaziland)
NEU i lv the barbie life but nuttin is plastic laugh my ass off all real n you hate it bigs 2 nicki the ninja i lv her listenin 2 itty bitty piggy laugh my ass off lv it
NEU i just took "you are at a sleepover with justin ,caitlen and ry..." and got: you and justin become boyfriend and girlfriend  wow! try it:
POS just had the massage of my life! i am soooo relaxed!
POS i watched 18 episodes of the office today/tonight feelit. just a few more to go and season 5 is done.
NEU change your firefox default home page in ubuntu | linuxtree
POS iloveto enjoy an icecream and watch my favorite channel. really good match.
NEG want to escape from being among the 95%?
POS "how are you feeling?" just peachy! EMO_HAPPY
NEU hey you! you should have kept you are other background the one wer you are outside, i like that.
NEU i got my w-2 today and used its an online tax site for teens, students & young adults. promo code:teentax41
NEU please read this for me & 18
NEU rt _espn_nhl: hawks set to square off in olympics -
POS rt : ck out "my" song! ;)*beaming* : ff : howard roberts' "the lady wants to know" comes to mind. ?
POS loll my playlist is a perfect pick me up! all you guys should listen to it!!!
NEU latest insurance guide and tip @ affordable family insurance isn?t as expensive as most people think
POS i love my shawty EMO_HAPPY
NEU _co_op also and now the legacy begins... and rumble's lp.
NEG ciee,, yg di sitnii,,,how's the weather? it's raining cats and dogs n elephants n dinosaurs in jkt!! haha *lebay mode on*
NEG and then i'm gone bug the shit outta them triple c's niggas until i het gunplay on a track..he be on that gutta shit
NEU i want a miley trending topic. i miss that girl. who's with me? EMO_HAPPY
NEU no plans. already worked for the day & did everything else i had to do lol. prob just gonna sleep. you going anywhere 2night?
NEU freemium, theme wordpress | mikengel's blog byeaclub byeaclub property
POS single mom discovers simple system for making quick and easy money online with work-at-home opportunities!
POS thepiratebay a new experience with piratebay! participate!! it's fun!
NEU reddit are you a fan of john oliver (british guy on the daily show)? i just found out he has a weekly satir... rulez
NEG why in the world i got may weird people,weird means unfair,silly,nasty,stingy,etc
NEU click here and join out call!
POS new track by p.p.ska named ass-o-ass is going to crash the charts! at least you will see a video clip on it in april! we hope... EMO_HAPPY
NEU go to waptrick.com
NEU just took "are you justin bieber's dream girl?" and got: yes!! try it ?
NEG on a quest for chinese food. and it's veryyyy unsuccessful. it shouldn't be this hard to find asian food laugh out loud
POS _franzibieber why you got a new account and i said something to you on msn ;l EMO_HAPPY :d
NEU got no direction, i need direction.. just got my vamp, got my vamp
POS i had the best gelato of my life at northpark mall in dallas. what is the name of that place?? proguito's or something like that.
NEU rt : breezyteam
POS chris brown has a song "invented head"????......hmmmm i'm gonna have to hear that one...
NEU ? doktor faustus - and spaces that are endless nowplaying
POS watching australias greatest athlete, i think i may be beginning to like sport EMO_HAPPY
NEU remember, focsuing on what you want, ensures you will get what you want & not the other way around!
NEU great network support, interface and file navigation more complex than necessary.
NEU rt log on2 &use the discount code "freshtwenty" 2 get 20% off you are entire order this weekend o
POS laugh out loud can't really say much. my mom likes horror movies. the gorier the better lol.
NEG i wish it was easier to express things to you.
NEU "daddy, why are going to thacher park today?" because it's still open and i don't know long that will be true.
NEG is shattered and off to bed after an evening with dave and george. dave being a tv channel and george, well, not.
NEU its the little things
NEU off to my arubaito. kirai.
NEU hot deal - 562713 - aiptek ahd h115 pocket dv 720p full hd 1mp camcorder with 2gb sd card (?98)
NEG i live my life just like a robot. always doing the same thing everyday and i'm so sick of this for my godsake.
NEU wit gettin it in at video shoot for karma off the nightmare on 7st street album my nigga flicc games is nutts
NEU odd winter in my ears but as long as you?re happy i am laugh out loud
NEU _ratzf what did you spend the money on?
NEU tequila, after 8 hours of brutal business expo shmooze, you make me human again.
NEG charlotte hand cleveland second straight nba defeat (afp)
NEU about to try to go up in this
POS hey , i won the hyundai video battle, and i'm picking up my hyundai genesis this week. do you want to do any press?
NEU _jk the song "baby"
POS shoutout to the new followers...especially the 900th follower
POS "this pad has doors so people don't come up in yo space son."
NEU - kkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
NEU rt : wasn't it warm earlier cause its brick!
NEU relaxation. i want to watch public enemy the movie w johnny depp. ima try not to kiss the screen.
POS you totally can come! i'll pick you up in uh, my jet. you know. EMO_HAPPY
POS _oneill you need godsends! ours here at fplm are worth their weight in gold, chocoloate, scotch and cupcakes. want to borrow one?
NEG netflix goes down - hopefully your friday night plans didn?t consist of streaming a movie via netflix, becaus...
NEU adapazari : olta balik?ilarinin yeni adresi, balikhane deresi - ? -
POS youknowitslovewhen fate doesn't want you to be apart EMO_HAPPY
NEU nick jr w/ the princess
NEU are you back on the beef again?
NEU want to earn money working from home? well you can with global domains international. see the proof videos now!
NEU at this point, i can't imagine running 4 miles. good for you! joe's a freak of nature, it's true.
NEG because the lu are losers who can't make it criticizing published works in rl they have to stoop to ffn
NEU i voted in a poll on yahoo! cricket. have your say too. vote now! -
NEU seems to be on a schedule of going to bed around 9:oopm and getting up at 4:00am on the dot.
NEU (2.0) level 1: 'louco' made it to 81 with a score of 1820.
POS why do they kick you out of a bar for being drunk? i've never been thrown out of a restaurant for being full.
NEU shout outs to the orlando magicians and their ace.. _real_edub give it to the lebrondas. let's go eduardo
NEU ubuntu mobile running on nokia n900, installed natively on the microsd card
NEG but now my middle finger has swelled up
NEU off to bed (pretty early this night o.o). i'll visit the sunday market of my city in the morning (~7 am). when i think about it, i'm tired.
POS hi there, im marrying you, goodbye EMO_HAPPY x
NEU applied innovations partners with microsoft to deploy websitespark managed ... by:
NEG i can never keep a straight face when im taking pics with people
NEU profootballweekly.com - texans won't keep status quo in backfield
NEU presstv - protesters in athens say 'legalization for all migrants'
NEU just took "how well do you know demi lovato and selena gomez an miley?" and got: yeah you know all! try it ?
NEU broke down and made pancakes this morning - back on the wagon tomorrow.
POS you got it baby EMO_HAPPY rt : 13th mar make yourself free!!!!
NEU mad world w/lyrics
POS _n_fly or she give you head while playin or watchin the game woot woot
NEG they say that's its love but to me it's lookin counterfeit...i get done wit one then move right on to another chick.
POS what've you gone for? the 13.5 plus to heavy blankets & a hot water bottle is working out great for me.
NEU bueno mi gente me estan diciendo si puedo llegar a los 200 entre hoy y ma?ana dale ayuden dale rt
NEU so so happy EMO_HAPPY
NEU well my b-day cumin up on the 12th of march
NEU let the elin begin - with shopping: tiger woods' wife surfaces at mall as ...: new york daily news
POS singing helps stroke victims regain speech -
NEG nowplaying one sweet day... damn i miss the ones ive lost EMO_HAPPY 1.4.10 EMO_HAPPY 2.4.09 EMO_HAPPY 5.26.08
NEU ??!????????????!
POS govegetarian , simple as dat.... i'm on my way to vegan. just goota learn vegan chocolates!
POS ; at last my "myspace" keep receiving friend requests . yeah ! hop out of the bed , man ! hehee ~
NEU rt _meneguel: vc est? afim conhecer algu?m de verdade pra marcar uma trepada gostosa sem frescura, sem ter que pagar, ? gr?tis
NEG secret: white teeth trick! dentists don't want you to know about this teeth whitening secret! ad
NEU oh twitter ive missed you so much!when im not on twitter my heart feel in complete.oh how i EMO_HAPPY yall so
NEU koolz EMO_HAPPY rt same here rt watching penguins of madagascar .!
POS this is the 1st time i've watched my brother play cod and remained silent laugh out loud
NEU waah!!ndak pas momenx la'an.tpi smbrng w:rt : go ahead  tar mlm dul,aku msi drmh.bsk mlm aja,.rt : yoohh!...
NEU biggest paint brush in the world /via that's a big brush...
NEG the word commitment is like a snake around my neck chocking me ..
NEU i'm at chick-fil-a (3570 sports arena blvd, san diego).
NEU esrb lists pixeljunk racers sequel
NEU merial frontline plus flea and tick control for 45- to 88-pound dogs and puppies, 6 month -
POS zack rosen is more red hot than his hair. another 3 pointer, that's 3-7 from three for him and a game high 23 points so far
POS when i got on earlier i had 269 followers now i have 327 thanks to the people who gave me shoutotus... you know who you are
NEG rt : arg! true blood season 3 is set to come out in june this year. that's soooo long to have to wait.
POS yes- thanks for the tip!
POS join data network affiliates for free and i will help you grow your business. spon
NEG was in a hurry to do maths homework realised that i dont have it tomorrow!
NEU even with my departure, please continue to support nice_pitching and their great quality scanlation of the oofuri manga.
NEU haha no it's okay atm actually i've been distracted. i could use my phone but i'm already chewing though credit.
POS rt : im wit my hmeboi stalkin his baby mama laugh my ass off too funny>>>> we want details laugh out loud
POS get the hottest ringtones on your cell music sounds and more
NEU woke up to a camera in my face
NEU have been churched. , as always, had some needed harsh words. in the meantime, matt & i have decimated a rotisserie chicken.
NEG nowplaying 05 - 11am ? incubus via -- forgive my indecision, i am only a man...
NEG girl you need to need to read just old dude. tryna roast me!!! but go through my page!
POS me and kara discovered thee best nicknames, she is my best. tada!
NEU jobs technical architect/technical lead - gurgaon - astadia it solutions pvt ltd - 6-to-10 years of exper
NEG i don't mind movie trailers, but why do i have to sit through malteasers and (soon to be) out of date sky tv promotions?
NEU _ my name is dong yub
POS make big $$$ part-time from home working on the internet. get complete details now!
NEG rt @_his_lil_secret: _it_sm00ve nah but i do feel yu on dat fuxx skool shit...im finna kill 1 of ma teachas -____-(blacc on blacc crime
POS rt : supermac18.. behind the scenes? ~~ enjoy the music! rt?
NEU tiger's porn star mistress holds press conference demanding apology. says she gave up being a h*e for him
NEU ever felt like you need to make moves but didn't know where to start?
POS my friends and i noticed that too! haha!
POS baby's birthday was a success! thanks to y'all who came and showed kaiyana love... she's super pooped!
NEG the kwon on the cave roof is most likely jin. last week when aldo wanted to kill him. justin said "we can't. he's one of them"
NEG that you know of... i'm sure one of the dude building it crapped in your toilet and took a quick shower afterwards.
NEU rt : yg mau di promote rt yaa (only my followers & 5 orang pertama)
NEG ummmm may be i should not wait for them to scream at me and get started EMO_HAPPY
POS thank you streamate members for making our night orgasmiclly fun! you guys and gals rock!!
NEU lollll do you google some of the shit you say? shuddup whatevahh . qo tlk to some otha chick on your timeline EMO_HAPPY maybe you'll intrest her!
NEU _chic you may hurt again,or you may be liberated from the hurt
POS rt : hey peeps, kindly check out our new design 'rumble'. thanks heaps!
NEG ugh! if i am up past midnight tonight, take away my internet!! also? not talk to _an0maly and _girl_20 today EMO_HAPPY
NEU 22ft stingray boat with a oxidized hull gets a full detail new york
NEG the same thing that my boys do i bet. we have to put patches on patches.
POS they look like there about to just kiss EMO_HAPPY i love how put them in that kind of position when there together .
POS omg! i'm listen to conspiracy theory :o no words for describe it you rock EMO_HAPPY !
NEG aaarrrgh really wanna pull my decks out the garage but i ain't got n e needles n haven't bought vinyl for bout 6years. me need cd decks pls
NEU rt : for the rob fans out there. hq untagged pics
POS q:nope your good thats what i think about ... a:thanks EMO_HAPPY laugh out loud i do write what i feel...
NEU emergency crews head to madeira
POS support cheias na madeira, add a twibbon to your avatar now! -
POS sreesanth is a fast bowler; he has the ability to bring any match (that india bat first) to a fast finish.
NEU jordan aj 2010 men's basketball shoes jordan nike basketball nba just release shoes! rt
NEU if you use their caca noir and mix with strong black coffee instead of plain water and apply it will pull dark shiny black
NEU listening to "no surprises - radiohead" ?
NEU rt : rt remember, you can't go back and start a new beginning, but you can start today and make a new ending.
NEG yes i agry
NEU i forgot where i took it, but i can give you the code:)
POS rt : - my favorite picture of last week. pure joy... my fave too.
NEU dj tim fanucci @ the bylarm afterparty
NEU time saving tips8. start a master calendar at home to keep track of everyones activities and appointments
NEU i alienate sooo many people and make them feel so akward.. but it's waayyy too much fun! it's kinda my hobby.
POS the original looks much better mmm
POS don't you worry 'bout a thing, cause i'll be standing on the side when you check it out~ (by ) nowplaying
POS thank you so much! so glad to be sharing it with you (20.5 years and counting... EMO_HAPPY
NEU yapyapok - free uk classifieds, all classifieds free online, motoring, computers, antiques, pets properties sale rent
NEU rt
POS rt : school helps children with autism make 'giant steps'
NEU laugh out loud werd theere are manny to findd out here!
POS - tc just tweeted me saying its drew EMO_HAPPY we dont need sherlock
POS working out, going to the movies, dinner with the family, then back to bg, hopefully my roommate will be better and can come back!
NEU that's how the good hustle rolls
NEG i sware people be takin me der man family members always got somethin to say boa yu be wantin to punch them more den the outsiders huh
NEG i mean i'm bouta see everybody with them on and i meant the grey ones.... its a shame
POS _08 you go girl! i hope you've had tons of fun!
NEU internships gaining summer employment through a temp agency: if you have been searching for summer jobs or interns...
NEU itsfunnyhow you in the club and twitting while in the club why why why lol..enjoy yourself fools laugh out loud
NEG rt : jackie o-smashes carried off, her ankle bandaged. we hope you are alright girl! mdl
NEU rt : instead of trying to look for my cellphone, i call it. ohjustlikeme
POS rt : x17 gave vanessa flowers on valentine's day, and vanessa semmed happy to receive them! - daniela.
NEU i just took "would justin bieber talk to you ?" and got: saddo! try it:
POS my name is khan and i am not a terrorist
POS i love every song! tokiohotelvenavenezuela
POS rt: can't wait for the expendables, i hope you kill at least 500 people in it or i'll w... expendables
NEU entered to win a sony ps3 from styleguidance contest
NEU watching the knicks game @ my sister baby shower
NEU "got my money up fucking w them white folks, now i don't give a fuck cuz i'm richer than them white folks" - diddy
POS , chuck norris would be very happy if you follow me! haha, pleasee, follow mee... let me happy :d ily EMO_HAPPY 75
NEU i'm reading lolita by vladimir nabokov -
NEU 2068 4? snow trip to mt selma -
POS ermm thats i did on mine laugh out loud right just click on the tweedy sign and its says allow and it should be alright x
NEU although you are eager for something exciting to happen today,... more for gemini
NEU my top 3 weekly lastfm artists: justin bieber (92), britney spears (54) and fresno (49) lastfm
POS _luh if you are feeling down meditate, calmness is one of the most successful ways of combating stress
POS with brooke&justin latttter. hit the celllllll nigga.
NEU mercedes reveals teaser preview of its 2011 hybrids: the gorgeous f800 is a preview of the styling and technology ...
NEG finally read joe stack's letter that the fbi decided to censor. its sad that our gov has driven people 2 this.
NEU essca has a historical research cmte? rt : this week's essca meeting: historical nonsense and tasty food.
POS good fun! rt nasa?s first iphone game: lunar electric rover simulator -
POS rt : imattractedto men that'll hold you down no matter what
NEU i posted 4 photos on facebook in the album "glow | 2010"
NEU checking out eileen's profile on butterflies among us:
NEU i subscribed to taonlintse's channel on youtube
NEG miss you too of course hihirt : asik my ex miss me ! miss you too
NEU the famous quote of forrest gump was "life is like a box of chocolates you never kno wat you gonna get", and hes so right, i just picked one ...
NEU rt _cartelle: imattracted to all types of black guys except from somalians sorry no offence?this is the (cont)
NEG bored. and gotta go back. be back at lunch. going away again.
NEU no, abby. you do not love mark or tom or travis more than i love jack. not possible EMO_HAPPY
NEG i don't like royal flush on abdc .. they're wack !
POS woohoo! here it comes my favorite rammstein's song! "do riechst so gut" nowplaying
NEG i hate working with my stepdad this is bullshit
NEG cousin!!! come back and party w us! i miss yooooouuu! ?
NEU were in the vanity house.
NEU style_sky?? ???? :
NEU [atpworldtour.com] austrians make good start: austria had two reasons to celebrate in hot conditions on day one at...
NEU rt
NEG just left maddie's house... and this why you don't leave an entire bio project for one night...
POS got home before it gets dark and now i'm onto bigger things.
NEG i fucked up a filling. it hurts. i have a cold.
POS manbitch rt : imattractedto to the latest blackberry phone that is out, love my 9700!
POS just got off of the bus; had a great dayy EMO_HAPPY i thought of him *all day* EMO_HAPPY i love him so so much EMO_HAPPY
NEG ok so i thought this may happen: but does the job offer prevent me from continuing my application up the road?
NEU - [????]???????????????
NEU rt : have a peek inside irish house in today's host video olympics
POS remembering watching the movie percy jackson and the olympians... i wouldnt say it was bad... it was ok but leaning closer to it was good EMO_HAPPY
POS where are you at with chick-fil-a ma'am?!? laugh out loud rt _n_robbins chick-fil-a on deck EMO_HAPPY
NEU value of social game company zynga? perhaps more than $3 billion - usa today (via
POS hihi rt : i also see her..rt : i just realize that one of my lecturer is on take celebrity out.. omg!
NEU grandmother's advice: natural hair care: then, wash your hair with a little moisturizing shampoo and plenty of wat...
NEG ilikedyouuntil you got mad i wouldn't let you hit growthefuck up bitchboy .
POS *giggles and runs fingers through your hair, looking at you* we were very hyper... o.o
POS stop hating on ! she is the sweetest most down to earth celeb i have ever met!(: i adore her<3 xo
NEU i'm at ???? ??? (??????1, ???).
POS so. thriving ivory is my new favorite band. the song angels on the moon is amazing! everyone go listen to it right now. <333
POS im not sure he was at magnatizm....but give him a call he does good work an he wont ry to bust you are head
NEG computerworld eu data protection chief slams secret acta talks
NEU rt : rt: la thurs 25th & josh fadem
POS ufo - done, my first try at fmq
POS rt : the jayhawks could clinch a 6th-straight big 12 crown w/a victory tonight over oklahoma. kubball
NEU so like 4 people notify me that its snowing and i dont see any. guess i dont need to watch the weather since i know so many meteorologis ...
POS rt : true happiness comes from the effort of making others happy. give and share your love everyday. (real talk) ihatequotes
NEG > i need a video camera!!! dm, how much you want?
NEU rt i'm easier to talk to then you think.. <--- icosign
POS yea thats the one!
POS you guys are all over the place i am liking that
POS you guys did great i loved it
NEU rt : rt _retweets: retweet if you know all lyrics to every single justin bieber song.
NEU rt : osea pibe no jodaaaaaas, you're a pelotudo, no enserio, como nos vas a hacer esto?! weneedjonasinarg
NEG i know oneofmyfollowers goin to say sumthin bout my goings on tonite. but hey, villain in the name for a reason
NEG i can't that day , cuz it's my dads bday too and mothers day ! EMO_HAPPY
POS well my monday is half way done
NEU retweet and include the hashtag officeformac. they're giving away a macbook pro!
POS imattractedto my future so lemme focus on dat bitch ! ill get further with her den a man !
POS rt : awesomeindianthings my bffffff raha EMO_HAPPY favorite indian forrlife (;
POS one of the best bookstores in town has to be crosswords kemps corner
POS brothers and sisters star dave annable gives diamond engagement ring to odette yustman: brothers and sisters star ...
POS foreskin restoration - how to attain a new foreskin using a simple exercise any man can learn and use
POS its been on and off on my computer and i always make sure that my results are never filtered
NEU rt : running the symfony 2 benchmarks - paul m. jones
NEU um wow apparantly some people don't know the difference bw joe and nick jonas laugh out loud kinda important if you're reporting on them
NEU lmmfao a mess... good.. did you have a hard time?!? we still need to finish talkin about what we was talkin about yesterday
POS rt : superballintweet micheal jordan asked for my autograph
POS a big thanks to everyone that came by the twirp booth at the texas webeoc conference. we're now focused on the rocs that are coming in april
POS i need a herooooo i'm holding out for a hero till the end of the niiiiight bonnietyler
NEG today is not my best day .............
NEU she told me about what my be the equivoleny of girls scout cookie season for used books at her old high school.
NEU rt : my dad just told me "the world is your oyster, find the pearls". i was like. this fool thinks he's shakespeare.
POS is funnnnnny!!!!!!!! i was shouting by the way.
NEU _an0maly and just the baby thing in general. but they're just gonna forget about those things. p/r works like that.
POS if ya can't support you are own local artist .how can you support anyone!? i support anyone doin something positive for the city of indianapolis
NEU before i publish the rant, here's a 1008 paintings update: a block and a breakthru
NEG rt : holder admits nine obama dept. of justice officials worked for terrorist detainees via
POS im going to the 25th one in chicago!!!!
NEU rt : a guide to used golf clubs jonesboro ar jonesboro ar golf ...
NEU greetings repubs and demos - posted by dnk in https:// - read more - seo blackhat ppc sem
NEU _lbw def dig it lol...you reach a thousand yet?! dont think i forgot bout my free beat laugh out loud
NEU no lie, i unconsciously kill em back2back laugh out loud
NEU rt imattractedto dudes under 5'7 w/ sidekicks, color skinny jeans, & backpacks.
NEU rt : ask yourselves these 10 questions and then go off conquer the world - blog of ronnestam
NEU tourism in eastern indonesia to be developed
POS rt : everything will be ok in the end. if it's not ok, it's not the end.
POS rt @_wotta: unsure about heavyrain? win our cpy just follow @_wotta and _hilton and rt winner friday when my se copy arrives EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : star hattin cause you called her out her name lol?lol nooo we always do that wit each otha
NEU if you want more followers give this a try -
NEG rt : << vote for my boobs rt rt can't believe i am on twitter and don't really know why i typed rt
NEG i'm so hungry someone feed me EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : billion dollar babes sale- save big on vintage chanel handbags + extra $10 off coupon! fb
NEU why do i have the itis from a weight watchers meal, a bottle of water and a ww peanut butter bar??
NEG winter is a-stayin' in, lhude sing goddamm, raineth drop and never stop and still the wind doth ramm! roll on march!
NEG falling in love, such a delicate way to get hurt. and i can't say i'm not afraid.
NEU rt : rt : please become a fan of dave courvoisier facebook fan page! voiceover
NEU sitting in the library thinking, "i'm sick of this", and then i turn to my left to see a book titled "i do what i like".
POS is home from school EMO_HAPPY today was pretty good! i love you brad and alexis EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : strong ca data shows after school programs are sometimes the only place where youth get physical activity.
NEU _this its just the way we are if we are not in drought we flood but we are all happy to see the rain we were on water restriction
NEG shameless, i know, let's use haitiaid to smuggle heroin. borninnextlifeasadungbeetle
NEU through the blackest night, morning gently tiptoes, feeling its way to dawn. ~robert brault my site -
POS _zuri yea i'm there with my band. we sing everyday at the bell ice cube. you should come out! EMO_HAPPY
POS you didn't waste your money on the iphone any more than you wasted money on your first car or first computer.
NEG _kimmie: becauseeee you dont know how to call a hoe! skank!
NEU rt : 25 must have documents for designers and developers | creative repository
POS i'm proudly wearing my shirt underneath my chef coat today
NEG however, consider the uncertainty principle of qm and the observer effect. i don't think it only applies at the quantum level...
POS simple exercise to strengthen the memory and to promote a healthy brain. the oxygen will feed you...
NEG so apparently my pmr number is 69. two years ago i didn't think of anything. now? fuck yeah.
NEU drupal/moodle theme design by unilrn... freelance jobs
POS i want my bedddd.
NEG lmfao! how can you call somalians cretures!!! see what i'm saying compared to you lot i aint not racist
NEU i'm looking into booking my band for a concert.... as a virtual band in second life. anyone done this?
NEU why cant i log on to tumblr?
NEU indeed ;d there are too many ashley's in the world so i couldn't get some form of my own name that wasn't n00bish~
NEU my drunk dad just explained curling to me. EMO_HAPPY
POS randomly nowplaying. summer sunshine by the corrs. reminds me the days i liked this song. 2004/2005.
NEG she told me to shut up, then asked a question EMO_HAPPY .. but she told me to shut up! i'm not a bad person EMO_HAPPY
POS "it rocks , it rocks"-barkley rt the continuing saga of & what he had 4lunch today: .
POS i'm gonna start hunting girl scouts down... so they will sell me some cookies!!!
NEU _boy my notes for media & medicine lecture, fyi:
POS you have been created as one of a kind. there has never been one like you...and there never will be again...
POS just got done rocking with . it was dope spinning for you holmes!
NEG - boredom. possibly the worst diagnosis i could ask for.
NEU just dropped picked him up from will i saw the room i'm 95% moving in
NEU its capsim management simulations i have to run my own business online
NEU mark your calendar - lacma announces three inaugural shows for new resnick pavilion | culture monster | los angeles times
NEU _you_mad yessir, i'm n there like fat girl wear
NEU i'm trying to give justin bieber a chance but its not working.
NEG my eye lids are trying to shut themselves! i must be tired or something!
POS allready up and running. have to do some stuff today, but first a breakfast.
POS rt : i love 3 things: the sun, the moon and you. the sun for the day, the moon for the night and you for-ever. -g. blackmore ihatequotes
NEG musicmonday "dude beenie man ft. shawna and miss thing my bad yal my spelling is way off today
NEU everything about the carnaval - capetownc
POS kahshe casuals giveaway. enter to win a crew neck sweatshirt
NEU i am so tired and happy that i mite be moving away from were i live!!
NEU i can tell there's something behind.
POS bit isnt jamie at the hotel at the moment ? x
POS rt in each other's eyes we can see the entire universe, all the mysteries of the cosmos and the other side of our soul.
POS wow had no idea! we have talked about starting our own garden. i wonder about all the plants out in our yard sometimes
NEU here among the flowers of faith and hope i stand, while you are buried in the mass of weeds you sowed by hand"
NEU _test_1 002???reader?windows?macintosh?unix???acrobat?windows?macintosh???????
NEG university websites have soooo much information! not my favorite to design, but man is it an ever-going learning experience!
NEG rt : yep! rt : roman polanski has new movie out called the ghost writer go watch it if you support child molesters...
NEG you did it again! are you robl again?haha rt : haha i know, it's my bad, i am error
NEU niggas prolly bout to stop liking me at school laugh out loud i sit wit my headphones on til i got a cut talkn to no1 laugh out loud
POS never struggle to generate traffic to your site again! grab your copy of twitter decoded now!
NEG imtiredof winter and snow
POS had a wonderful meeting with the college republicans of unc-ch last night, thanks for having me and look forward...
NEU rt : ifyourdominican then you would know that thatiamdominican
POS some nice nintendo ds ads on bannerblog.
NEU here's a short news story on the condition david had & the new endoscopic surgery to treat it.
NEU bone marrow aspiration and biopsy? there's an app for that -
NEG feeling like shit this morning. i hope its just a cold
POS just woke up goin to greer town hope kim you get better..., cant wait for the friggin weekedn
NEU i uploaded some pictures of my gamestuff
NEU part1:
POS i think i found the right balance in my dinner, two pieces of rice cakes with 3-2 slices of cheese and a big cheese of peppers and white
POS hahaaaaaaa least of my worries....i know how to run! lmaooooo!
NEU rt : city tavern: table settings are moved and silverware clatters; by them selves.
NEG this is the only tiger i feel sorry for: culled for body parts, what?!
NEG eating pudding; bored out of my mindd!! taylor lautner<3
NEG like i wanted mom to cut off the back of my hawk but she was too lazy "why wouldn't you do a mohawk tomorrow for the last time?" so i did.
POS _supreme thanks for the rt
POS oh, i tried a new organic shampoo for healthier scalp. amazing after just 1 application. it's avalon and you may want to check it out.
NEU follow my guy he needs 3 more til 100 followers rt
NEU (??+?) rt : ??????????????????? rt ???????????? rt : ??????????????????????????????
POS mac cyndi lauper viva glam application complete! i adore check it out
POS yeay, sold my apartment! moving in 6 days to the other one! mi is happy!!!
NEG guess i was not enough=(
POS i have never met a man so ignorant that i couldn't learn something from him.
NEG pffft i remember a year ago you didnt even know who kol were
NEU recordando puerto ??????
POS me and __ are going to the movies next friday xdd
NEU all the way turnt up is roscoedashes song not
POS and he knows every word to s songss. its preettyy funnnyy not gonna lieee
POS rt : "marijuana, in its natural form, is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man."
NEU waiting aj mul.. sabar ya.. hahaha rt : bosan! mama pergi, ayah pergi, adek pergi. mau ngapain nih?? :((
NEG oh contract is gonna b first hour.wil b boring alot. hope i don sleep.
NEG rt: goodbye: i'll see you again, til your hand is ready to hold mine. letting go: i'll miss your hand, i just realize it can't hold mine.
POS bout to watch batman begins.... o yea
NEU "?keep consuming and creating balanced?" - russell burt, nen discussion
NEG you'll need to apply yourself extra diligently today or you'll... more for gemini
POS it looked like the rt_steve_jobs test worked. you must be human!
POS was thinking of something really cool and insightful to say on this last night but im after completely forgetting what it was...
POS waiting at luna park for paramore.. and _la almost here :d 6 people in front hell yeah!
POS rt : there is a 50% off coupon on our google maps profile. go find it !!
NEU you are what you eat. make sure what you eat is beneficial 4 you are soul, because you need 2 be strong on the battlefield. it's a war out there. night.
POS me too i love that store!
POS top cnn headline iran arrests sunni militant leader - iranian authorities have arrested the leader of a sunni milit...
POS rt : i loved david hess in smash cut, my wife has a big crush on him?
NEG i'm super tired but i'm going to stay awake for a little bit longer and finish some work. also, i need to make my dad a facebook page.
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- inuyasha the final act episode 22 english sub [subbed]
NEG i give up studying....i gotta write this paper
NEG rt : rt : teachers were once students. why can't they feel our pain? ohjustlikeme
NEG rt : oh my god bow bow whoareu if you aint heard futuristiczoo lets go! @ retweet
NEG prosecutor: man stalked, killed 5 calif. victims
POS good news ;-) rt _break: apologies for the delay in responding to your claim, due to th...
NEU rt : @ vanity in vegas shuttin it down w jason giambi n jevon walker - situation nation
POS rt : ifyourpuertorican you love christmas time, thanksgiving, easter..pernil!!!!!
NEU rt : rt : ??????!rt : ???!?????????????????????!!????????????????!
NEG how can i sleep without duck-down duvet at this cold weather?
NEU .. trackside tonight.. so tune in on kevins going to be a busy man with the pacers in chicago tonight as well
NEU orange kitty. who refuses to stop napping on my office chair.
NEU 
NEU lottery promo | lots of lotteries: can you give me information on the winner of the second class of the british na...
NEU unyuurt : its my last year rt : rt : two games more before finish my (cont)
NEU rt : lol...damn s0n 4 real??? i wish i was there i wuld of had the o000000000h (cont)
NEU laugh out loud ok thanks for telling me cuz i would've spilled the beans...*lips sealed*
NEU four days of wheat bread. my version of fasting for lenten season.
NEU 
NEG i really dont appreciate how jeanmarc johnmarc (u get the point) followed me without tellin me! and i was tlking about all types
NEU . _clickbokin ??????!??????????1???????????????????????????????????????????
NEU rt : that's it, i give in, i want one, i'm buying an iphone....
POS so many folks sleep on tue but if you play it right, it could be a big too
POS buy cheap hp 2509m 25-inch diagonal full hd lcd monitor (black) specia
NEU oneforty and itunes app store: do they intersect?: ?well, its just an app directory? ? this was our initi... ipad
NEU beautiful, dirty, rich:
POS ihop getting ready to grub!!!
NEU vw golf - ?9980 - 1390cc - 17276 miles - 2009 - petrol - manual - reflex silver metallic - hatchback - 3 doors -
NEU im kinda down for the wizards, but for my hard earned $3 dollars i wanna see a close game or a complete blow out
POS @_sutcliffe today is actually national pancake day. happy holidays to you and yours
NEG yeah, im going to that one live, i cant believe the shit mir just said about brock lesnar
POS also, i feel like i finally did something genuinely good for once.
NEU free virtual servers -
POS i think i accually want to go to school, hm.
POS nah i had it i just had it taken off in the other pic!!!
POS i just w0nder if you ever think of me..happy thoughts
NEU haha my little cousin but im not so sure shes the best judge... a cucumber doesnt measure itself. xp
NEU full tilt poker 2009 cd-rom zip -
NEU - new d-block new mixtape "fire on the lean vol 2." hosted by dj streets preimer (premo) tape!!
NEU tycoon's network partners with health & wellness co..new partnership rejuventates mlm industry.options @
NEG let's see....twitter or homework? hmm.....is that even a descision?
POS can't wait for 11:30 :-d
NEG im sleeepy geezz wiizzz bt i wanna go to the mall ima tell my babe to take me EMO_HAPPY
NEU auction listing template - pink hearts - $1.50: you are bidding on the template to be used in?
NEU rt : what is the name of the brush used in curling?: what is the name of the brush ... answer to win ipod
POS _mimi_23 laugh out loud really?!? yea i been born and raised here hehe...im a southern girl at heart too EMO_HAPPY
POS i need your help - please join my clan!
POS lucky you! i'm dying to read the passage.
NEG wow! i never noticed that either! wonder what was going on in the king's mind when he named them?
POS having some pizza at aniello's with my brother and his gay friends. can't wait to get a piece of sausage!
NEU rt : dear miley cyrus will you please teach me to nod my head/move my hips like "ya"???
POS i was gonna talk to you bout that cause i wanna buy my miniplan...i think its the 21 games one in the lower reserve for about $260.
POS i love gmail EMO_HAPPY mail, calendar with sms reminder and such.. buzz!
NEG fair. . . my stomach is full after my cheese and crackers lunch too. us dainty's have to stick together
POS i cant wait till the ist of march and maybe they will believe me
POS rt _j: can't wait for the world tour 2010 .. so excited ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : how can there be people out there that abuse animals..just how could they do that?.. ithinkthattoo
NEG it is crazy! rt : its crazy that westbrook & lt were both released within days of each other and (cont)
NEG i feel like i'm getting a fever again, this can't be good
NEG yet another blog post to make you question my sanity
NEU how do i find music on my pc that i have copied fro a vinyl record?
NEU follow its gary from monroe
NEG lol, awww. why she say that. that's not nice. EMO_HAPPY
POS my favorite is the cherry almond meal bar , bit.ly/bbte72, but i'll check and see if new flavors are in the works.
NEG ahahahah how to suck at facebook
POS lookin str8 ahead.no time for looking back. going to my sisters band concert today. aww family time.lol EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : jade is freaking hilarious! ? ? "how low can you go? how low can you go? ? ? lmbo! to cute aww
POS i hope everyone is having a great and productive week thus far! make it happen!
POS and all the rest of his movies!!!
POS rt : check out ontario's most exciting up & coming pop rock band... pardon? yah i said it: musicmonday
NEU lah? rt : obor obor -_- lawak rt ada apa nih ada apa? rt : saya butuh mereka ----->
NEU ok i love yall like play fam but i got a shoot to do tomorrow and need to rest my good eye up drop me a email or text me ill get back 10000
POS listening to the new joanna newsom cd and taking a quick snooze.
NEU im sure if i explain why its my fave, you wont give a shit in the end, choona! so stop asking.
POS heeeey can you please help me get to 4,000 im so close
POS follow a traveltuesday favorite who will take you around the world from your desktop. rec
NEU featured job: business development manager (m&e), surrey: m&e business development manager (surrey). c?60k-?... jobs
NEG >:| i fucking want to kick my brothers asss i swear stupid fucking prick.
POS great to hear that scotland international thom evans is on the road to recovery after his injury picked up in the...
NEU google earth arrives on android devices: google has officially released its earth app for the android mobile opera...
NEU just step out of your comfort zone and you'll eventually be comfortable. (fake it till you make it)
POS rt : he has arrived.the next big thing in pop music.my best friend & cousin jeremiah scott!! follow him
NEG im only 16 and i already have wrinkles ;_; i need to stop scrunching my 4head and get antiwrinkle cream stat
NEG _taffles yeah i'll be away 10th-17th. i'm so worried! i hope shes here before the 5th but after the 1st EMO_HAPPY haha
NEU :slips on my shoes then calls stacey to meet up for lunch and catch up :
NEU check to hear the story behind the rest of the elements of the periodic table.
NEU _jones just found a ringtones section on the official conservative website. a-m-a-z-i-n-g
POS oh you're so nice ! i smile for you ! hope you smiling too ! thanks a lot for being here ! i love you too EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
NEG i wonder why in tarnations americans are so puritan that they actually expect their superstars to apologize for getting laid... tigerwoods
NEU what are you coming to pg for?
NEU too bad i've been stuck on the southside...this fog/haze stuff is getting old... is about to show you EMO_HAPPY
NEG peaceful evening shame about the per scan. it seems there was a double agent amongst us. good riddence
POS wish i had power to change people's mind... i don't so prayer will have to do!
POS yeah super cute and he's the only band member that i know. lol! suresure ! show me on fri!
NEU photo: (via everythinglove)
NEU <--- eating popcorn... we won't tell
NEU so...let's say i'd offer a profile pic for a $50 donation to a charity of my choice. takers? (i've done mine and )
POS , 3 favs! your tweet has been favorited by 3 people.
NEU rt seth's blog: how to use clich?s
POS rt : rt : sweet spring! etsy wwes
NEG laugh out loud if that's what i meant i'd admit it nigga! haha
NEU groundhog day may finally be over. today is my last day of class! big deadlines tonight...
NEG lies on top of lies smfh
NEU viral video: wade phillips ymca in miami: if you look really hard you can see drew bledsoe crying in the corner.
NEU check out rock band guitar skin, fits xbox 360 / ps3 (stratocaster guitar) zakk wylde - bullseye
NEG i need 30 more min me sleep..... but i guess not - cause that would make me late to work!
NEU m.c.m.d. illustration
POS i thought didi benami did very well. EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : twitter users send 50 million tweets every single day -
NEU roll call -- who is here on this rainy day ??
NEU hoste rooms: full bc technical web comic: via
POS alright then. thanks.
NEU kodel auk?tasis mokslas u?sienyje tampa toks patrauklus?: tarptautines europos organizacijos dream foundatio... balsas
NEG you are watching a nervous breakdown in real time.
POS chicken n guacamole, the rest of the dish is still cookin..n i didnt deep fry da chicken its baked
NEU check this video out -- progressive ad annschild7 please vote for me.. thanks
NEG i need to bring up my grades. bahh.
NEU i just got some free music from joy williams. you can download it here: https://
NEU i see. up and about or still wrapped up in sheets?
NEU i have added "la donna e la sua ombra" to my anobii bookshelf
NEU tembang pagi hari ini, gugun and the bluesbug - woman
NEG "it is hypocritical to pray for victory over our sins yet b careless n our intake of the word of god." - jerry bridges
NEG it would appear that my account has been hacked! fuckers!
NEU rt : b.r.e. presents blood raw american gangstas da mixtape
NEG andy hundly got head for $5 and then punched the girl in the face left her $3 and dipped. rtrtrtrtrt
NEU rt : rsvp here --> ( ) - miss mini of pittsburgh spokesmodel search retweet please
NEU read: the legacy of che guevara: internationalism today via peter custers >
NEG lol,, bobby you a fooll,, anywhoo... lol,, hoppn in tha shour... sooo bbl-- no phone til sunday
NEU osu players talking confidently about ucla, usc games. .. omari johnson said, "i think we can win both of them.''
NEU download: ibusinesspromoter (ibp) 11.7.1
NEU rt : today's talk, from ted 2010: autism activist temple grandin says the world needs all kinds of minds
NEU new music: rhymefest & skyzoo ? ?crack the code?
NEU - nokia was here and all i got was blue balls.
POS thank you! EMO_HAPPY i will do it first thing when i come back home tomorrow! EMO_HAPPY x
NEU whats up what you getting into
NEU oneofmyfollowers likee me. i likee one of em. andd one of em wnt get off my back
POS i cosign laugh out loud
NEU 1: ?5?????????? ??????? ??? ??? ??? ???? ??? 21020.11 [?????]
NEU gate attendant: tx-houston, are you searching for an opportunity to be a part of a team? do you find it important...
NEU remy ma interview w/ jenny boom boom and dj craig grin  -
POS lopez tonight baby!!
NEU how did perth go ? all to plan
NEU a year ago today, sunrise over the harbor in annapolis, maryland.
NEU pork chops stuffed with apples and scalions, fennel, roasted potatoes and what wine...first thought was riesling.
POS i always say twat muffin, that's kind of like twat waffle! laugh out loud
NEU guck mal wer in der playlist drinne ist EMO_HAPPY
NEG they don't really scare me....they are def going after big fics
NEU "if you go to hell, not to worry, because you will be so busy shaking hands with all your friends that you won't have t?
NEU get a sneak peek at the stage production of the drowsy chaperone (video):
NEU getting around venice |
POS can you tell my mom to be here at 2:15 please!
NEG /for some reason, dies d: /please don't bury me with the mask on
NEU kkkkkkkkk darth lia boa hauhauhuhhihhihi
NEU "does teaching low-performing and high-performing students..." san antonio children's academy
NEU martin creed's marble steps hit a stumbling block
NEU going on since 10/08: i am at my witts end. started looking for help way back in oct of 2008. we are in a 6.75% ...
NEU for you night owls... go check out the technolationship!
POS i am finally the proud owner of my own ps3!!!! i have some other things to comment on but this is the only positive.
NEU i'm surprise remembered a quote from me
POS rt go get a copy of _reece tramp it's on tunes!!=> only 0.99 cents!!
NEG 3downing these alcoholic shots i feel numb and desolate/ my senses are starting to rest/ gentle mimosa,
NEU rt : artis indonesia banyak tuh kenapa pada go ahead  verified account ya?
NEG you are typo guy today. one in your tweet and one in your 2nd paragraph
NEU probably. this one's going on 4 years.
NEU indianapolis prepares for march madness with new hotel rooms, vacation packages
POS thank u! i learned so much from you during urban mission. you really have taught me.. shown me how to have a personal evangelism.
POS going to vampire weekend in may with nora! :d
POS i just updated my background at also customize your google start page at
NEU i can't stand my hair anymore so ima go to the store & buy hairdye!
NEG trying to send 1 last email for the night and the documentation is taking some 20years to upload..am ah get mad!!!
NEU rt : new blog entry: it's one thing having an idea, but...
POS wow i can see you * waves *
NEG rt : oh my god hates when it cold because your nipples show through your shirt; ughh covering my chest.lol <=====lmao.!
POS wooooow...i'm listening to this reference i jus recorded on units and i feel like partying right now!! laugh out loud got haute beats
POS "come on team, you really rock. check it out, i have a cock!" lol, i fukking love robot chicken. EMO_HAPPY
POS ill be your friend cody.:)
NEU ascendant / mediumcoeli for ankara, tr for now (04h30m01s ut): 03?51'00.0'' pisces (ac) / 15?33'35.7'' sagittarius (mc)
NEG bastard shower!!
NEU take your time in love and sex: for better flirtation, seduction ...: in my own case, as the guy i was dating at t...
NEU get some rad new wallpaper from national geographic
NEU rt : check out my take on: mma as an olympic event
POS ... and then i shared my score on facebook. EMO_HAPPY (re: "how millienial are you? quiz
NEG imtiredof this snow and cold weather!!!
NEU liked you can?t manage online ad inventory like a stock market: george john is ceo of display advertising technol...
NEG i'm gettin uuber pissed . i won their contest and now they wont follow me so i can get my prize
NEG i haven't heard from you or seen you on for a long time!! i miss you
NEG ok, g'night peaches. i should've been asleep at 9. >_< 6 am wake up is going to suck.
POS mmm i swearr carls jr has the best chicken strips
NEG anahi is the worst thing i have ever seen in vi?a del mar... let her know she is don`t sing lol....
POS counting down the hours to spiaggia! thank you chicago restaurant week EMO_HAPPY
NEU 28% of energy consumed in this country is transportation. think our electric grid is ready to take that on?
POS have dinner plans? may we recommend dining at sole mio! the nashville restaurant will donate 50% of tonight's dinner sales to .
POS rt : wonderful and u???
NEU eh
NEG miss beverly hills thinks homos should be put to death, but she has a lot of gay friends. i'm thinking not anymore.
NEG not sure of those details, but nothing gets my blood boiling like property taxes: pure theft.
NEU rt _parsons: the latest news about free twitter videos from daniel_parsons
POS rt time is college really nec. for everyone? i say forget about b.a....now you need a m.s. to get anywhere!
NEU so century 21/best buy coming to kp..wats nxt gucci express?
NEG rt** fuck alah,islam and moslems**radical cleric calls for mass execution of political opposition: isreal iranelection
NEG rt stupid meeting smh i don't even kno wat its about
NEG is super sad you leave tomarrow. hurry and come back, i miss you already.
NEG swine flu not over, 10000 steps - myfoxny.com ( swineflu h1n1
POS find one that is fun and full of the information you're seeking. you'll make good connections and come back feeling great!
NEU i'm at mobil/mcdonalds (rt. 95, madison).
NEU we will never be the same thanks to .
NEG my back hurts.
NEU rt : rt : take a look at my dream in pink treasury ***** wwes etsy
POS im gonna go dry and fix my hair. and then call adam EMO_HAPPY
POS i would like you to follow my bieberbuddy, 6
NEU the time is now to create eco friendly homes | critical online tips: if you have read in the newspapers lately ..
NEU library
NEU rt its2010whyyoustill where shoe strings as a headband and lollipops in your pontail??? dmv- <<< laugh out loud
POS hoping for no school for i can sleep all day and nighttt
NEU ahoy california friends. anyone have contact info for sculptor, art car hero and famous burning man artist david best? pls rt kthx
NEU the smart money is betting on transparency. where have you placed your bets?
NEU nowplaying 'camp out' an horse....
NEU pratt & whitney to appeal ruling on jobs shift
NEU elite xc back from the dead mma ufc
POS blogging for businesses results in 55% more traffic, 97% more inbound links!! | syscomm international
NEG rt i fell asleep in the parkinglot lmao<< wtf!! you only had 2 beers juan!!! lmao! wow! lightweight
NEG just started the chemistry homework. not feeling okay..
NEU rt _scott: chatsworth makes excellent cabinets and cable management systems.
NEG he said his spoiler was fake, but it wasn't.
NEG _harper actually the scenario you are positing doesn't work; when lappy checks in from xternal ip, they know it's not at school
NEU bailed after two hours of getting stared at like a celebrity by everyone. i know i'm famusssss but with the combination of no cigarettes
POS omg......the wall turned out looking gd.
NEU please tell me you are bringing the album to the london gigs so i can buy it?
NEU not to mention, model nya norak...igh, ogah gw!
NEG now another team got problems ! smh do yall niggas sit at a table and plan to suck rmg dick like who are yew bois - get $
NEU 's-lesians-seductions-defloration-blondies-dbzs-lesbiana-naked-queef
NEG : obama needs more that a year or 2 or 4 to correct!!! it took more than 10years to make it this bad!! ---- you are sooo rite dawn
NEU hai tweeteros. tak punya biaya, pak miin terpaksa menginap di rscm cnews89
NEG so they make life size cardboard cutouts of the twilight characters... but they can't make a one??? this world is crazy!
NEG idc sorority row still did shitty, only high school idiots watched it i'm sure & everyone else was disappointed cause i was
NEU health.businessvn.net: important features of men's underwear
POS i haven't forgotten about sunday morning praise praisehim
NEG hattrickheaven.com newcastle surrendered top spot in the championship after crashing 2 a 3-0 defeat at derby.
NEG "i remember the simple things, i remember 'till i cry. but the one thing i'd wish i'd forget, the memory i wanna forget, is goodbye."
NEG sometimes my wife & i are totally incompatible! we're in the apple store and i'm not allowed to buy an imac . what a beeeeeech EMO_HAPPY
NEU so much work so staying up all night... thank goodness for my beatles lp
NEG i'm totally addicted to formspring!
NEG as many times as i've seen the movie scream, it still scares me. justsayin
NEG first thing first - well you know what guys i?m still confused about how to using this page nyeeh so maybe...
NEG so much for that. i'm EMO_HAPPY and not because of that... think i'll go home tomorrow to get away from people i dont like...
POS i am so very glad that you died of laughter. xd
NEU follow these simple steps inb a proven system to rake $11,917 a month today
POS rt : good morning ppl! 4 my early birds i got new music 4 you guys! @
POS , your moving to the states ? EMO_HAPPY
NEG stupidest exam and assignment due tomorrow|| finish survey || then continue wasting life away via facebook
NEU thingswewantback 90's hip-hop....the ones that possess that " i can relate feel"
POS "do nothing against one's conscience. with this secret we can enjoy life & have no fear of death." ~ voltaire quote character
NEU marketing apple: secrets of the world's best marketing machine apple: do one thing...better!
POS omg... i actually have a thursday night off =o!! movies or late night shopping??? cant decide!!!
NEU one cuisine for the rest of your life: when asked the question, "if you could eat one cuisine for the rest of your...
NEU listening to one foot out the door. straight hits!
NEG ps taja doesn't frolic in fields! i hate the smell of freshcut grass and i hate insects!
NEU hey can give my cousin a shoutout her name is shelby and she stan for you
NEU rt : "what's the point of having it all, without the people you love?"
NEU oh, absolutely. lke journalism school. boil away all the verbiage. good discipline. painful though.
NEG denny's has never been so great. rednecks fighting.
POS rt : rt if all you need to feel better sometimes is a hug. idothat2
POS i just got a new phone. loving it its an htc hero from verizon i'm happy
NEU senior financial analyst, ajilon professional jobs finance houston
NEU rt sabaaaaar : babi lo, kesel sama orang gausah gw yang kena tai. gw bisa berangkat sendiri!
NEU rt you know your making a good point when obama cuts you off tcot
NEU _martinez03 i'm sittin by my phone waiting for it to ring and see you are face on the caller id
NEU ok, got the memory card into my video camera so that's in ready to go.
NEU my mom's reading "how to find god."
POS she wants me to play with her until we fall alseep together.......so goodnight tweople shalam
NEU todd field (46)
NEG shot man 'was stripped and bound'
POS rt : all i wanted was to get in my wifes pants...and now i have 2 kids..<------ lmfao!!!!!!
NEG sounds like it was very miserable. i feel bad for my friends who are tcc while it seems like every other friend is now pregnant.
NEU oh my god i cant wait 2 graduate and move the hell outa this state. i love ya chicago but goodbye winters
NEU i say cake you say?
NEG hi steve, all twitopia. yes, had meeting today then hung with daughter. ian home now...am writing. yuck.
POS goood:), alrite i supposee <33 up too muchh xx
NEU follow and
NEG to my network news producer followers...i know this is naive, but while the full-length, live hcr summit makes for dreadful television..
POS rt _grammer: will: "isn't it sad that were gonna be remembered as a generation who loves sparkly vampires??" me: "i loooove sparkly vampires!!!!!"
POS rt : howdy, guys! so, we are starting now! in a few moment you'll es the first trade made by heaven forex developer! be read ...
NEU okay, i'm officially sarvering. adam is coming to singapore? and it's an exclusive gig?
NEG i'm sorry for the way i treated u...i was selfish and impatient...this is my public apology...?
NEU snow, high winds headed to winter-weary northeast (ap)
NEU womenswednesday at the olympics (true except for that the men's win over russia was pretty big too)
NEG some people are making such thorough preparation for rainy days that they aren't enjoying today's sunshine. *william feather
NEU 
POS rt : cling to your imperfections, they are what make you unique. -debbie black tls
NEG i am the rust upon your gears i am the insect in your ear
NEU rt : follow
NEG rt youever wanted to just smack the shit out of somebody? -> oh gosh all the time .
NEU the mattar paneer i just cooked didn't feel exactly authentic, but the 3/4 cup of heavy cream it employed sure made the dish tasty.
POS i love my hairstylist. i believe she thinks i'm gay, so she flirts with me constantly and vigorously runs her (cont)
NEU singing *to grab yo neck and chase you down the street* rt nowplaying "maybe i deserve" by tank
NEU yo i found this store that got mad classic lo. the whole teddy bear line
POS blanche, norris, graham and to some extent steve macdonald are the funniest characters of the last few years. more please. corrie
NEG omw to this shoot and my back is killing me! wtf?
POS crazy to think that i went into labor a year ago today! teagans birthday is tomorrow, but today brings back a lot of memories. so amazing!
NEG rt : footballer wayne bridge has said his position in the england squad is "untenable and potentially divisive" - statement from lawyers.
NEG rt : saying "no, thank you" to a biscuit (just to be polite) and then regreting it. omgiknowright
NEG lights flickering in the office - could it be an impending power cut? save work now!!!
NEU stop talkin to them strangers laugh out loud
NEG lasted 40mins in town. got presents. too many, infact.. actually soaked now because i thought i'd take the healthy option & walk. hot.
NEU [post] each woman dreams to lose some kilograms: each woman dreams to lose some kilograms. to make this they try t...
POS hay ryan why have you no real life soap anymore? i liked it! kisses from holland in europe
POS rt : i'm lowkey about to buy my lb's album on itunes...its actually good<< whose album??
NEU _beth long as i can still hit you with it i'm happy :-p
POS haha hit it up when you make a new batch EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : i love when people just lie straight to me. dig a hole bitch, bury yourself EMO_HAPPY
POS rt _sitang: rt : thank god i'm free today!!--take a rest na ka EMO_HAPPY
NEU following you. follow back?
NEU got my first (sc-1) in 1982
NEG < yall still arguing!
NEU american beauty... someone is stalking you rt : plastic bags are flying around out my windows (5th floor). wth ?
NEU please retweet ( ) - v.i.p files free mixtape <-- guest list
POS who else wants to secure a free wealth & power building ebooks & audio package (including limited time bonuses)?
NEU the smartest thing you can do today is to pay extra attention ... more for libra
NEU apple removes explicit option from itunes - app store - gizm
POS 10-14" of snow with blizzard conditions expected thru friday - i would really love some sunny spring weather!
NEU via misprint?s 4th annual beard & moustache competition at the mohawk 2-19-10:
NEG so? you always make tweets about tila, if you don't like her why you do that? oh i know the answer you love tila!
POS you could say 'in like a big h*rny thing' EMO_HAPPY
NEU nueva foto de said (26)
POS yea dat right i run red lights i thot you new? and i drive wit 2 feet so wut dat tell u? im ready playa!
NEG its only 200 runs and now i seriously feel that sachin is overhyped
POS i love that song. i wish i could find it somewhere to download
POS rt s/o to all my real females followers **
NEU get inside information on how to get the most out of twitter.
NEU will super mario 2 and metroid entice hardcore gamers back to the wii?
NEU q:what's the best place near you to get a drink? a:i don't party downtown so i wouldn't know..lol...
NEU hi dan. any truth that the first and last shots of ww1 and/or ww2 were only 300yrds apart in a french field?
NEU succesful ghost writer allday fuck bn famous sho me the money...then rappin wouldnt feel like a job anymore and i can enjoy it
NEG sunova! i'm losing all my 'tukee mayorships since i've moved away EMO_HAPPY
NEG tosavemoney you can't have too many black friends. they always askin to "borrow"..you'll never see that money again
NEG lunch at hard rock cafe, a place i will never go to again. my soul is waiting outside for me to finish.
POS my work: i just wanted to share my work with everyone here. i have been working on two websites that aim to help p...
NEG topic for today... what are the odds? i think the universe is messing w/me
NEU gridskipper: after hours at the sobe wine and food festival
NEU as much as i hate to admit it, her songs are very catchy.
POS i want some in n out frys and a chocolate milk shake...
NEU e-pills, and gus lady friend. and cory and his girlfriend 
NEU my top 2 weekly lastfm artists: coheed and cambria (58) and lady gaga (1)
POS happy birthday ! here's to another year of free rewards at swagbucks
NEU 3g spectrum auction to open doors for foreign players: economic survey
POS hey mamma ..thats more important than my video..next time EMO_HAPPY
NEU espn host tony kornheiser suspended after attack fashion hannah storm: tony kornheiser, host of espn show pardon the
NEG i think im in a drought! laugh out loud
NEU _8 i'm in the overflow room.
POS laugh out loud ic...i've seen it...i thought they did another one.
NEU try instead
NEU foul territory: michael kirkman video: from the request and dedication line, this video goes out to kinslerhomer, ...
POS its time you changed direction! this is the answer! it'll blow your socks off!
POS rt new prettypinkposh sizzix giveaway! here's your chance to win some brand new products!
NEU here's the article.
NEU rt : confirmed: kristen was with rob at lizzy pattinson show last night at halfmoon
NEU rt buy a girl shoes .... and she will walk out ya life>>>rite wit them shyts on too...lmao
POS rt : 5 days untill smoke and mirrors!! EMO_HAPPY
POS hey hi EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : spread the word, find out what is in your food and help others! ecowed
NEU iphone game app makes $1m in 9 days -
POS great idea! rt : a blue mountain getaway would be awesome!
NEG you moved too slow, bro! bestbuy
NEG rt : no......and if someone say yes hook em up to a lie detector...
NEU are you going to the intermodal transit suchness this evening?
NEU novo trailer de a hora do pesadelo com kellan lutz
NEG sitting in italian hanging around! hopefully i won't fail this stupid conversation thing!
NEG is trynna figure out y these niggas dun gased up my dude?!
NEG rt : fuckery is afoot. if you've gotten an email from ffn admin within the last month (esp. from this "james" mofo), could you dm me? tracing ips
NEU perfect time to drive to la. losing my mind in traffic
NEU yeah i talk to them all the time. why?
POS yuhhh that touch down is my shit and that m town and loco !!!!
NEG huge blast hits afghan capital
NEU for those of you who know him we're putting tyson down next week. there is a lot wrong with him. but he is a good dog and will be in a bett?
POS the oral is so easy! who are you doing it on mr.bean?
POS i unlocked "win level 2" in "steampunk hockey"!
NEU ? ? are singles dating sites internet, suitable for you personally ...: there are thousands of online dating sites...
NEG you are lookin ripped dude! always been a gc fan, looking 4ward to the new material, much respect
NEU rt : londoncp new program for 2010...
NEU sigma 17-70mm os soon available for sony and pentax cameras
POS , thank you for another incredible night ... i'm speechless EMO_HAPPY
POS picked up the book realityhunger by david shields today. that is correct: i disconnect myself from the computer from time to time.
NEU i just took "what would justin bieber say to you if he turned around and acci..." and got: he say: woah.. hi .! try it:
POS intend to do that tomorrow!
NEU rt : orser finds olympic redemption with kim: a silver medallist in the calgary 88 games, brian orser admits that coach...
POS i love that my husband is into the olympics. i don't get it, but he's like a 13 year old. it's adorable.
POS dear coldplay, i want to see you live before i die.
POS i like the song black and blue :d
NEU q:i just kno these things a:or you are jus assumin
NEU rt : today is the day your whole life changes. take it by the helm..learn how you can get fit and earn money doing it
NEU friends forever vintage tattoo body painting: via
NEU lol, the weight restriction stems from a phobia, so don't judge too harsh EMO_HAPPY
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- annett - unbekannter soldat
NEU hahaha i suck too thats why i have to keep playing!
POS pls check you are direct message n sms inbox! rt : bunny ak ud bangun....
NEU daily track: alison krauss - 'gravity' (live):
NEG sorry tyler don't throw the judges under the bus and the 70s are over sorry
POS great to hear the crowd and the team sing our anthem. we could do with more of that. gocanadago
NEU 
NEU prikitiw : prikitie
NEU i have an essay to write and reading to catch up on. my life in college. fun. cannot wait til spring break. then i can just sleep all day.
NEU take vocal jam 5 sore nanti, suara lagi cacat begini
NEU the day i had in mind\for a tanka poets party\has come & gone\now beginning to fall\flowers f th kerria ~shiki poetry quote
POS geez, your house is turning into a zoo! laugh out loud love the names for the mice! EMO_HAPPY love, xx
POS my lesson today was grab life by the balls and hold on for dear life laugh out loud
NEG _ ....doesn't help me at the moment.
NEU belmont?s sidewalk fine arts festival mar. 26-28, 2010: bay area artists such as robert wunce (santa cruz) and pat...
POS yaaaaaaaayyyyy so happy bout the idol performance and you are gonna sing music again on leno!!!!
POS hahahah of course
POS leverage is kind-of surprisingly good.
NEU rt : at close of summit, president obama says it's time for decisions "and then that's what elections are for" >>
NEU firies and ses to join in tonight's gay and lesbian mardi gras parade
NEU thingswewantback nas the way he was rhymin in 94. niggas couldn't fuck with him, no way, no how. i don't give a fuck who says what
NEU listen-tongues of fire-pastor paul's podcast episode 135 pt1 'the waterer's will be watered' egocentricity
NEU replica store breitling for bentley motors tourbillon special edition
NEG do you wanna do anything tomorrow? or this weekend? i hafta work at the navy saturday & sunday..............
NEU g.o.d - gil
POS taking a break from crazy packing to watch 2012.
POS rt _ez_papa: pure is shpopppinnn!!! feelin my ladies and fellas right now!!<<
NEU i saw i a guy do that on a porno & i was shocked & intrigued at tha same time laugh out loud
POS i'm so pleased i'm gonna post it again
NEU kerala church row: catholicos aram offers mediation ? asianetindia ...
POS loves you galouuuu the wolf.
POS "go the favours" i wouldn't be ashamed just be prepared!!! laugh out loud
POS gmorning:-) uthini ulinda..lol just tuned in&they playing potoko rt : who listens to khozi fm in the morning vukamzansi linda
NEG shoutout 2 ma charger that jus disapated in thin air jus now..just as i needed it!
NEU ff my brother _boy_rock _boy_rock _boy_rock _boy_rock _boy_rock
NEU rt : nowplaying all$tar! wrking on the liftoff mixtape. here's a preview, watch n rt for me >>
NEU twitter porn hits 800 uk bank followers, media and government ...
NEG have been too busy at work to tweet. heading home in 80 minutes.
NEU nowplaying monopoly for iphone.. im the boat wit all da property!!
NEU rt : rules for restoration
NEU my intent is to be grounded like the trees, but flexible enough to move in the wind. ? support me
NEG i hurt someone's feelings tonight - they thrust their drooly baby at me and i told him i didn't want to hold said baby.
NEU oh my god that photo of me is horrendous!! i want to shoot, you're getting really good! i love the exposed film!
POS i like chinese blueberry green tea. yummay rt : and yes green tea does go with everything dammit...
POS sleepy time...also photo of the day! the background made me!!
POS _crunch naw actually i do the sam thing i wait till after i eat to brush me teeth to me that is the more logical way to do it laugh out loud
NEU entrevista / alexandre oliva -- "eu rompi com o google"
POS what comes in that box that box that rocks
NEU allrecipes launches new iphone app; planning cooking app for ipad
POS bahaha do it! i brought my sister tickets for her birthday and she asked me to go with her.
NEU acoustic gig next tuesday 2nd march at the library, islington
NEU rt : bosen to the max
POS esperanza atlanta | a gem from the sport of downhill skiing: a gem from the sport of downhill skiing. in the spiri...
NEG sorry to hear that. i hope you are okay. wait until tomorrow morning to evaluate your health. you might be sore then.
NEG well i wouldn't have caught it if you hadn't said something!
NEG mom and dad are both being dickheads. i just want to crawl into a whole and not come out until the weekends over.
NEG this bush here and itll be our little secret.... if you tell anyone that its there ill come to your house and i will cut you!
NEU so tired. going back to sleep.(:
NEU on the early christianity ride, do i get to die?
NEU a dog is one the remaining reasons why some people can be persuaded to go for a walk ~ o a battista
NEU i heard you all had belly 2 the directors cut
POS best of luck to you then.. hope we can meet when i;m back in malaysia.. by the way anything you interested about russia?
NEU rt astros agree to terms with shortstop manzella
NEU on february 26th, 1936: adolf hitler opened the 1st volkswagen plant in east germany.
NEG this could be bad... i'm going to put some chicken in the skillet and get in the shower. we'll see!
NEU _saint nope, i don't think i've read the black dagger brotherhood, but it sounds interesting. thanks for the rec. hon.
NEU took the "what kind of big cat are you?" quiz & got: a leopard! what about you? ?
POS in my arms, at least you can feel safe here..
POS how short? please not too short i love your hair!!!
POS rt : rt : celebrate! rejoice 2nite monsters! the album you believed in the fame is officially diamond worldwide! 10,000,054 copies!
NEU lip synching?!?!!?!??!?!?!!?!?
NEU rt : ff apefam===> _stfu _ ...
POS you are rt : i am the coolest lolrt _tone: ff becuz she's possibly the coolest chick in kent
NEG not while you're in a theme park o.o
POS and i, i've got to have my way now, baby all i know is that to me you look like you're havin' fun open up your lovin' arms watch out, here ?
POS hmm sorry he is my boy wkwk tonight or tomorrow EMO_HAPPY rt : mau dong za foto yg sama hihihihi
NEG growing pains actor found dead: very sad news.
NEU ohh yya? EMO_HAPPY selamat!rt : sy kan biasa muncul ditipi tipi EMO_HAPPY rt : hah? -,-"rt : berarti anda punya tipi EMO_HAPPY
NEU mywesttexas.com > top stories > fire sparks in abandoned home
NEG [news]: beyonce says she 'killed' sasha fierce
POS rt : like the pics? thats a sneak peak before theyre finished...<-they ard they ard. laugh out loud gotta take 1, passing out fliers.
POS laugh out loud rt : probablywonthappen "i just left this popppin iota party..bout to hit the after joint iota crib"
NEG closed friday, february 26: due to inclement weather we are closed today.
POS __jayjay hehe. so true-idk, maybe i'll get brave and post some. lol. i've got a few i could probably post within the next few weeks EMO_HAPPY
POS "when you wake up to curling, it's time to go to bed." haha, tell gladys canada loves her.
NEG so i have 3 days left of birth control.. fml lol. i should prolly make an appt asap! no babies for theresa anytime sooon! plus condoms suck
NEG i call bullshit rt----> rt _rai @_kerry_ laugh out loud these h00rs have tainted my innocent mind
NEU _tofog i didn't know, i just remember it from carlin. thanks for the info though!
NEG oh i pray it get's sorted now, i'm going to end up as bad as if this continues to stress me.
NEG i'm gonna have to do mad push ups to compensate...i mean vegeta...dragonball z...hyperbaric time chamber push ups!!!
NEG just tryin to find my way back home... the old me is dead and gone
NEU awww. at the pet shop
NEU tgif..attended the pcr-iii school board meeting last night...they passed the new bell schedule change for next year...it will be interesting
POS hope everyone is ready too voscillate on the 9th of this march!!!!
NEU tsunami alert as a quake strikes off japan - bbc news
NEG tho they said say, the music industry is kind of a mess, 'commercially' even my man jay-z the (cont)
NEU y'all actually doin stuff?
POS why customer focus? reason12: everybody sells. when everyone in your organisation is focused on delighting customers, they are selling.
NEG aww, i was gnna do a special 4000th tweeet, i just realiseed i passed it..........a while ago EMO_HAPPY im on 4017
NEU nbc striking olympic gold: by fitsnews || with the men?s ice hockey gold medal game and woman?s figure skating fin...
NEU would you like something to read? "cables for the audiophile", we're in room 226. visit highendcable at the bristol show, room 226
NEG and we are all very sad about that but, alas, will settle for regular ol' on-the-ground hugs.
NEG what do you mean left? but you still love her right? huhu. what's wrong with popoy? EMO_HAPPY
NEU great nyc and food tweets: followfriday
POS _81 i'm doing well EMO_HAPPY just listening to music and waiting for the olympics to begin
NEG i watch the omnibus rt : agreed! rt : become a rhythmcityzen rt _: isiding is boring these days gosh!
NEG wow. think i'm gonna have to start retouching dark circles from my own eyes. can i get away with wearing concealer on the daily??!
POS rt : pausemarley laugh out loud you think you dennis rodman lol...lmaoooo
NEU rt : watch paul on fox news on feb. 24th, tomorrow, at 3pm(est) or 12pm(pst).
NEG drug violence flares in border cities
NEU i know there are guys who go around tooting that they are involved with films about characters they've worked on, but they didn't create..??
NEU i rated a youtube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- flood driving fail
NEU lol, i look like a chicken who are lost in the big city.... college looks like my another world now...
NEU mike t with his pearls of wisdom. "dad, don't kid with me. it's my time to learn. don't fret." ok, son.
NEU tired, it was a long day. i missed the chats because of work. but i got some good new videos that i'll post this weekend EMO_HAPPY y tu?
NEU rt : dear at&t,
NEU 2ch no.14552 ???????
POS _sparkle :)it tastes awesome !! try and tell me later whatcha think about xd missed you
NEU i think when movie stars and teachers have similar salaries, i'll sympathize more with the anti-pirating people.
NEU i thought you had changed it just because of your current state. haha. enjoy your weekend hun. hope you can shower soon.
NEG doyouhaveto rock that v-neck jus to show ya babychest tat cumonson yu fiendin
NEU a constitutional right to hunt? voters in four states to decide.: christian science monitor
NEG i wont be sleeping tonight.
POS just finished a meeting with the netherlands rugby board, great people.
NEU small business bookkeeping to boost the business | proinvests.com
NEG rt : miss my frnds in a sudden.ijustdon't want farewell cmes that fast.it's like in just 2 months we have to say bye to each othr
POS me + my dad have no shame x) it's hilarious ... i ended up cackling so bad. lull.
NEU show do guns em porto alegre tem novo local:
NEG doesn't know what to do.. wait in my room until 2? i think soo
NEU obama to republicans on health reform: 'let's get this done' tcot
NEU watchin this uk game waitin for my brother to get up so we can go hoop
NEG just because i like girls doesn't mean i like you. i'm picky, i like a certain type of bitch - and you're not it.
NEU colt 45, no cover @ savalas -
NEG i need something to read...but winglin is under maintenance ~
POS i do care about the tsumani!! im just not tweeting about it cuz thats not what my followers want to read.mind you are own businness
NEU . boof singing "the beautiful ones are not yet born" --> listen:
NEG isn't that the way it is with old houses? everything's a non-standard size, type...do you have any other ways of staying warm?
POS ffs tho i do love golden syrup! 8d EMO_HAPPY
POS jeff beck on his legendary unreleased 1970 motown album! | for more info go to:
NEU i've heard of oceanview and gardenview...but i've never heard of a snowview thuglife
NEG _chaser87 laugh out loud & how would you know if i only just told you - ice skating can be fun as long as we don't crack our ass on the ice - ouch!!
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- new boyz "you're a jerk" official music video hd extended / uncensored *...
NEU i cant invite him again. he'll go from a lover to a fighter & ill fight him again. so its over, but i told him to come over...again. <33
POS yea you know me! congrats to the pre-nom! -navell. rt who's down with rpg??? i'm back!
NEG sleep...me and you always fight. why cant we come to a compromise huh?
NEG rt : complete and utter choas on the streets...no power...my heart is beatin outta my chest!....tsunami warnin...i am only a mile inland!
NEU more here at
NEU february 2010 newsletter?.cape coral fl real estate news from cape ...
POS lorenzofarrell - lmfao, ilove weezy w. all my heart thoe.
NEG rt : waasupp~ i know im late as hell but wats up
NEU oh, get over it! i could have said .... "happy bath!" or "sending you fresh sprays of floral perfume!" =;-)
POS it's so good to know that the hill i live by is really know as depot hill & not just (rhymes w/) jigger hill...
NEU _me_ cause you live in california.
NEU winter snow storm alters postseason sports schedule:. . .
NEU laugh out loud my fat ass was tired of running!
NEU filmfare awards: best supporting actor: boman irani (3i)
NEU joannie rochette and the support of people through social media: the response on social media was huge, as hundred...
NEU rt : : retire 32, bring back the king bee adam pavkovich, the community thinks these are both
NEU hell no queens is od wack mad wack rt : maybe you should move to queens laugh out loud
POS i wish!
NEG beyond ready to go home.
POS 20 miles in 3:00:02 :):)
NEU is the fashion show over?
NEU ask the expert: parental support and the law - the new old age ...
NEU - *$bic$,*(b2500*$b1_$ggc$c$f$-$?!**(b
NEG hate to say it, but it feels like watching for a train wreak that will 'probably' happen.
NEU android iphone nexus one coming to verizon march 23rd and vodafone in april?:
NEU rt : just ran into the homie jamie sharper in vanity dirtyvegas
NEU rt : a peek into twitter's plan to deploy ads: via/
POS as much as i love you all, i must make a move and do something. back laters xx
NEU i really want to change my twitter background, but totally forgot to save this one. need to find this one on google images before changing.
POS you're not a delapore too, are you? been hearing things in my wall on and off for a while and i haven't eaten anyone yet as far as I know
POS wow, 98% of people like milfs. milfs
NEU rt : the most memorable people in life will be the people who loved you when you weren?t very lovable.
NEG just when i thought couldn't get worse they put this whack ass clown nigga waka fucka lame on 106 and park smh
NEU or was that another episode of north west tonight?
NEG suck my cock, bytch
POS spotd _____make___me___an___offer___on___anything_____i_dare_you: i have to clear out my stock room ready for painting and would rathe...
NEU check this photo http%3a%2f%2fphotos.ibibo.com%2fphoto%2f8893155%2f%3fsrc%3dtw%26a
NEG wish twitter would decide whether to have the lists as " /list" or "list", cant be doing with it changing.
NEG rt : earthquake, 7.0, hit okinawa too, apparently. that was 5:31 a.m. local time to japan.
NEU _hasegawa: _jp????????????expo?????????????????????????????
POS lol!! you got jokes huh! but yes indeed it is party time!!
NEU now playing- the allniter by mr sl
POS bring jaebum back now!!rt : read this everyone. please.
POS share lng poh.. which pic of melai is you are fave? hehehe
NEU vc j? viu o fiuk de perto??? ( _sempre_s2 live on
NEU there once was a time when i could say, i've never been to a funeral or knew anyone who passed away, the last couple years has changed that.
POS yung berg & lil mama would be a perfect couple!
NEU "what do you get when you cross a frog and a rabbit? a rabbit that says, ""ribbit."""
NEU vision shop \ ray ban junior sunglasses rj9025s
POS i hope everyone finds one. rt : a truly good relationship is one where both individuals think they're the lucky one.
NEU *keeping up his fast rhythm, feeling you moving with him, the bed shuddering beneath you* i'm close too. *growls*
NEU kotaku: blur xbox 360 beta begins monday [beta]:
NEU wah, sialan gagh jde ujan...
NEU rt _bieber: rt if you wanna go to justins sweet 16th.
NEU right time to invest in mexico real estate | kingston realtor
POS rt really enjoyed episode 9 of dexter season 4. i would want to watch more, but another early day ahead.
NEG in conclusion, i'm a horrible person.
POS rt : yes....i watched seventeen again..and i loved it....guilty pleasure?
NEG tryin to figure out what the hell is wrong with this phone
NEG yes, you see why i cursed alot last night? something i hardly ever do. that part when he did the cpr on the bed n they showed how
POS rt : wesbrook wants to play for the bears.: how about at sd? : }
NEU earthquake in chile
NEU booting linux in less than a secon
NEU fast and furious 1-4 ala gta:sa kaskus
POS what about the olimpics? netherlands rocks on socks..
POS hahahahahaha! we need to start a stiffy collection!
NEU q:bri why the fuck do you have to be so bl... a:omfg, black gils represent!<3 i love youuuu
POS i feel ya.. way to waste my whole saturday!
POS rt _jtb yb'z smackfest tonight!!! hmmmm!!===> dey been havin a smack for the past 2 dayssss..lml..
NEU new and improved in france for 2010: chicago tribune
NEU iflove: pisces love horoscope today: energy of love strong
NEU on the road back to md...
NEG uqhh moms just left me home wid my sisters smhh
NEU did you also look funny in that blog?
POS you know what i mean!
NEG _up_haters go to bed you always getin smacked i thought you was a good boy
NEG i make mistakes that i don't ever make excuses for, like leaving girls that loves me and constantly seducing hoes
NEU young adults get together tonight. food, wii olympics and looking at psalm 73
NEU 
POS rt : london!!!! follow now he will follow you back!!!........
NEU another night spent listening too katy perry & drinking peach tea.
NEU hm. i was sure they had options for cheap, non-contract phones you could put on your current plan. will check if i can.
NEU chris rea:
NEG people told me slow my roll im screaming out fuck that imma do juss what i want....... im gonna pursuit a happiness that what i know
NEU anyone notice that at&t's snowboarding ad ends with lou reed singing "you just keep me hanging on"?
NEG i do miss my bf!! EMO_HAPPY ahh! "life really does suk and then you die". gotta love my optimism and now my phones dying.
NEU rt needs 2500 facebook fans before st. patrick's day. rt & follow for chance to win ipad!! bigstartv
POS @ the cookout w ppls in the hooooood!!! we are hving soooo much fun!!
NEG good lord, maxine waters, i suspected that you weren't up to your job, and now you've supplied the world with proof
NEU rt : males mandi -,-
NEU rt : somewhererightnow some1s talking bout me
POS just left goose island got my eat on now it's time to go shoppin! magnificent mile here i come...
NEU this is a shot of my daughter two years ago. she didnt like how many times i made her jump EMO_HAPPY
NEU 
NEU who's gonna help us here in hawaii if that tsunami hits?will seanpenn come,or is he on his way 2 chile already?"we are the world" part3&4?
NEU gua suka jeremy-nya! sexy boy! xd
NEG _sg it was ok, my golfish died EMO_HAPPY what about you?
NEG wholiedtoyou and told you that you looked cute with that nasty, busted, stink weave of yours?!?!
POS join mylikes, very interesting..
NEU i just took "u are so nervious.. you are going to meet justin bieber..." and got: he falling in love with u! :o:o! try it:
NEG in the car rn. oh. i have been having this urge to sing. :o but the radio has been playing songs i don't know, especially bieber's one time.
NEG whoever greenlighted these census ads should be fired.
POS rt : i'm using the twit cleaner to find all the spammers & junk on twitter. you should check it out:
POS can share that with me ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU how to forget? teach me.. ?
POS motherjane and led zepplica gonna rock the show tonite!
NEU rt : tulisa & dappy hit for america ~
POS totally met the soup nazi tonight! best night of my life? probably...
POS as i drank green tea and didn't buy cake today. i have treated myself to the maryland cookies that were left over watching lost last night.
POS she claims she was framed ~ and it seems the brit government, us lawyers etc, think this extremely likely...
NEG no 46 would have broke the all time record he tied it
NEU what makes a million dollar system? you must have a system that is easy to duplicate, based on a proven recipe!
NEG cold burrrrr
POS _c_bdb *climbs in bed and gives you a deep full kiss as common faded and switches to "orange moon" by badu*. good night kalfu.
NEG i'm gonna upload a video. i understand it's no time for entertainment, but i'm just upload*ing.
NEU short-track speedskater charles hamelin of ste-julie, que., has won olympic gold and montreal's francois-louis tremblay bronze in 500 m.
NEU i just took "you are alone at the prom night and some mean..." and got: help you and ask you to dance with him! try it:
POS hope you and the mdd team have a great night. will raise a glass to you at the 40th party i'm at.
POS done wit this studying biz! time to head home to nap and then steppin out
NEU i just took "which disney music video shou..." and got: when you wish upon a star by meaghan martin (pinochio)! try it:
NEU it was the scariest feeling ever felt, but now i realize thialand is the best decision i've ever made.
NEU rt : what's with bands and virgins? don't they have anything better to sing about?
POS dope set to brov got something cooking for zouk rt : guy, your set was too hot. people are gonna die tonight at zouk
NEU rt : ayuden a chile retwiteen los telefonos de emergencia! 568 1290 / 568 1295 !!!!!!!!
NEU ohhh good thinking! tonight should be funny, i will look like a drowned rat with a scarf over my head... oh hello man hunt!x
POS happy birthday baby sister EMO_HAPPY awws my bibi is 19!!
NEG rt _mommi: twitter aint no joke..shit will make ya man now..friends lateer...and friends now..enemies lata
POS air de venecia: man that kid can jump!
NEG haha i found out why its not working, its a problem at my end, delete my contact and i may ask you to send me an invite again.
NEU rt : canadian street artist fauxreel has a new print that's available at show & tell gallery in toronto
NEU 's-tiny-titties-face-fuck-chic-fil-a-sex-pistols-girls-in-thongs-dance-off-pants-off-bbs-whe
NEG damn man ! i shouldve called earlier . the karoke contest started 2 hrs ago ... ughh :(??r
NEU rt : cant believe i have a twitter... i'm not even sure if i'm using this correctly haha
NEU reminder to self: make posters of chemical elements, polyatomic ions and formulas so stick around the house.
NEU the greatest pleasure in life is doing what others said you are not able to do it.
NEG i hope everything will be alright EMO_HAPPY
POS weebee's cafe on yelp: good food, good service, interesting atmosphere. my first experience at weebee's cafe was po...
NEU apanya yg panjang? najis -_-rt _luwandino: wesssssssssssss(panjangan gue)rt : wesssssssssss (panjangan (cont)
NEG screen issues has delayed the joojoo tablet, now expected on 25th march
NEU 
NEG "but i guess things change it's funny how success brings pain"
NEU google pone en marcha: buscador de personas: terremoto en chile rt EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : oh shit!!..here come some more aftershox....sweet jesus,and baby jesus!! chile terremotochile
NEG apparently i can't spell... sorry bede burdidge, ah, i mean bede durbidge!!!
NEU looking 4 shit to do on the week end
POS i did 50 sit ups. i feel better about myself now.
NEU watching from paris with love with ma sister and brother in law
POS full wend in the studio, might as well move in there at the mo, looking forward to getting out next wend, play some records and party hard
NEU "i was tired..plus i had a rash on my butt" hahaha
POS oh i will EMO_HAPPY haha jk. lol. ill call you tomo. je t'aime wifey.
NEU iya mak, ak mlah kpingkel ngliat duplikatny vidi yg jaaaauuh bgt, haha rt : liat the promotor, kontestan'a grin  ad yg persis sama
POS 'oklahoma!' at live arts md. more than ok: and its opening departed from the conventional stage filled with chorus...
POS thanks for the follow
NEU rt _m: rt : showcase of web design in ukraine (via )
NEU |braziltorrents.com| is now seeding torrent downloads! click_here -> h ttp://braziltorrents.com/register.php ku
NEG you already kno you suppose 2 be here i am fucked up in my telly goin crazy
NEU rt : still more marketing tribes? part 3 of 3 videos and blogposts:
NEG rt : after the storm, love won't break your heart, but dismiss your fears. (real talk) ihatequotes
NEU jus got out 4m maxin usin moms fone to get online....lol ehhhh fucken full
NEG not sure whether this is working properly linking my facebook status to my twitter account
NEU yes, but it is usually made with chicken & sausage
NEU out damn spot - promoting opera.
NEU is locke good or bad? the producers just asked this to the audience, 10% think good, 90% think bad or are indifferent about it.
NEU i was in a bad mood as lack of help in the house.so stayed in bed and kitchen was tidied and dinner was cooked for me. xx
NEU you dont need an attorney to do your own loan modification, get the loan mod tool box here.
NEU hahahaha. i'm all for the buried life but go usa
POS rt _fierce: ibelieve that kobe is the best
NEU rt : rt : i want a lady. a lady respects her body. make me work for it. dont just hand me the goods. EMO_HAPPY
NEU i know. what is up with that?rt beginning to think forgot bout her fav number EMO_HAPPY
NEU laugh out loud apparently they don't... or their job dont require much, lol..
NEU need to auto-tweet your updates on twitter? copy paste from the list of tweets (beta test)
NEU movado, rolex, breitling, gucci watches - on sale now!
NEU i wish my grandpa was still around he knew how to make grandma behave. grandpa share your wisdom with me! r.i.p. david chapman 1934-1999
NEU rt : "what lies behind us, and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us."
NEU juicy. but i keep choking on them
POS i pray each day 4 ~peace~ to come; i know i'm not the only one...just think how good it would be-4 everyone to just be ?free??smiley??happy?
NEU the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - benjamin disraeli
NEU why do i do this to myself!?
NEU success doesn't happen by spontaneous combustion, you need to set it on fire!
NEU rt make money online with twitter! $372 a day!
NEU the essential exercise and birthball handbook for pregnancy and beyond.: recommended by midwives, doulas and fitne...
NEG ina w900 in my h2. but having trouble with the ipod video and the wireless remote
POS "when you are strong enough to love yourself 100%, good and bad?you will be amazed at the opportunities that life...
NEG damnit reminding me i might have to hit play on the soon....
NEU conaxsat channel 201-and 235 b-v: channel 201-and 235 b-v looks like channel 201 and 235 is up on bev to see the game
NEU more here at
POS i should try to get something outta this let's wait and see ha
NEU bartering and exchanging services to save money: do business by ...
NEG said i'm a fool,but she's just sittin on a stool n then im gna throw her in the pool but tht wud break a rule n we wud have to duel
NEU cisco small business slm2005 small business smart switch is $83.99 at
NEU hissss...i hate to admit it but i liked her a lot on sweet dreams remix with weezy
NEG i don't think 6 hrs is enough to build new, strong calluses on the finger tips.
POS photo: ilovesleeeep:
POS oooo- hope you have glitter!! EMO_HAPPY
NEU watching a movie.. so tired haha you?
POS laugh out loud when her mom goes back
NEU from a to zombie.:
POS laugh out loud i know. haha anyway stop tweetin and rest. EMO_HAPPY i know what's good for you so listen! i.t EMO_HAPPY
NEU freelancer.com - aweber web form coding question (fieldname of ...
NEU rt : rt if you think zara or kaylee. 2 little kids who really want to meet justin should have gotten to meet him not what's her face EMO_HAPPY
POS liked "patates-sogan :)" [pic]
NEU brooklynartfeed 4_tiled:
NEU i want to go out, but i'm so over the crowd.
NEU im starting to watch snl. yayy. hopefully j.lo isnt too bad.
NEU rt : -
NEU lisa & brian sugar:
NEG design msi unveils r5870 lightning graphics card with 15-phase power ...: 15-phase power supply designs, two 8-pi...
NEG nowplaying bridging the gap by nas/olu dara
NEG oh, &putting breaking dawn in 3d? i'd love to have edward &jacob all up in my face. but no 3d! it's a romance movie! not action.
POS rt _raide i think this person is great. you should follow them. -thnxx hun
NEU - xi lan & lun lun together for the last day. via
NEU also bought some pressup bars and weightlifting gloves fitness
POS get the best watches @ the best price-free s&h through tues.
NEU rt : marks and spencer: save up to 30% off leather upholstery and selected cabinet furniture
NEU express furniture recognized for diligence and dedication to the temporary ...
POS rt : i wish kelly had a twitter or something so that he could see his birthday page and all of your birthday messages/wishes.
POS and this onetime at band camp xdd
NEU tim sylvia and antonio silva turn down fight against josh barnett at dream.13:
NEU it is now: sunday the 28th of february, 8:42 am
NEU demiallah bukan!! -_-"" rt : sumpah rt lah?serius?rt : nama dia aslinya (cont)
NEU has finally managed to scrub off the army body from my arms laugh out loud stupid stuff
POS i just want you to be happy
NEG tech.blorge: upgrading to android 2.1 may not exactly be a painless experience: if you own an android phone, we ha...
NEU live tsunami viewing? ustream's the place | technology startup ...
NEU photo: everlastingfriend:
NEU our father who art in canada hockey place hockey be thy game thou shalt win gold on ice as well as in the stands (cont)
NEG i hate females wit big ass pitbull heads
NEG ugh i don't see how people wake up in the morning feeling like rap moguls because right now i feel like hell.
NEU rapid research papers - write it fast!: new step-by-step guide to writing research & term papers in half the time....
NEU get the best watches @ the best price-free s&h through tues.
POS you could win the trip of a lifetime at - before you know it you'll be rethinking in paradise. soooo nice.
NEU five for silver, six for gold, seven for a secret never to be told.
POS what's up with training? gdgd? hmm. jia you and see ya tomorrow! lol.
POS ' i only see the memoriess from you and me honey it's never gonna endsz ;$ jj ' .
NEU : 1. songong sok cakep 2. tkang gosip+bawel 3. mw tau urusan orng lain! 4. sok axis+nyolot! 5. who is she..!?
NEU rt : rt if you can watch justin bieber videos all day without being bored brandonutley
POS rt : i cry because i love justin bieber!!!
POS at the norwood food & wine festival. gorgeous day. let's have a drink! adelaide
NEU lolol my mum and dad who are both like blind cannot see out of my glasses now. that cant be good!
POS new pants, blankets and horlicks. ready to take on the world, we are. beinghuman
POS the lovely bones; i want to read the book!
NEU one trust or two for lgbt couples?
POS rt : race day! the big one is finally here.
NEU rt : followsunday _tri (cont)
POS victoria, girl you should follow comedian ..hes funny and real..will have you laughin EMO_HAPPY
NEG mad tired, about 2 eat den sleep
NEG the key to alot of things is balance, whether its balance of power or love, 4 some of us it seems 2 far out of reach, 2 difficult 2 achieve
POS um ok!:) my goal is 6 more? what about you!?
NEU q:when was the last time you gave flowers? a:gave flowers? I don't know  years ago
NEU rt : oh! physicists prove teleportation of energy is possible
NEU youtube - the science of getting rich - economic prosperity ...
NEU click: what's the diff between a smb and shooting lift bags in scuba diving?
NEU get 1000 followers for only $19.99 here -
NEU please rsvp&rt: rcmh blockhead lunch olive garden times square on jun 19, 2010 rsvp here: twtvite
NEU rt : sometimes, it's easier to say that you're fine instead of having to explain all the reasons why you're not.
NEU i think she loves my dick more than me honestly
NEG in my experience, the "i'm bored" is usually followed by "can i come over", which is answered with a resounding "no!" laugh out loud
POS laugh out loud i will babe already have
NEU looks like it is another night that i am the last one to bite the dust.
POS good morning!! this is the day that the lord has made. let us rejoice and be glad in it.
NEU the partridge family story on encore....two minutes in and already cheesy...it's going to be a great morning.
POS i hope you're going to share the recipe!
NEU agw : mike mann on how to fight the deniers | the intersection | discover magazinemooney: can the scientific comm...
NEU itu gw dan plis gw gak kekar hha rt :msk ke ruang fitness I see  buat foto btciveramoz sesi perlengkapan yg isinya cwek2 'kekar' semua
NEG didn't actually say that. he'd say something much dumber and more frightening. gopslogans /via the demons shuddered at jesus too EMO_HAPPY
NEU i'm not using those stalker applications that tell people where i am. if i want you to know i'll call you! laugh out loud
NEU pada insom ya ? kk juga insom lgi ? rt : yupz. .truz pas twitt udh sepi,blik k'fb eeh byk yg insom rt
NEU checkout this site. has good deals on laptops
NEU the best way to travel: state travel might show 1 or 2 promising target locations, but not as much as the town tra...
NEG well that was starnge and awkward
POS thank you lord, - for letting me wake up each morning and going to bed at night; for the sun; for the moon;...
NEU im bored and your babysitting so lets go in!
NEU vw polo - ?8980 - 1198cc - 11475 miles - 2009 - petrol - manual - reflex silver metallic - hatchback - 5 doors -
NEU i subscribed to q8ws's channel on youtube
NEU still using recently made syrups-last night made a soda using my then night before licor 43 & vodka
POS laugh out loud joel, no fist pump xd hopefully when i'm 21 you'll be in ac a lot EMO_HAPPY
POS what a game!! terps beat hokies 104 - 100 in double ot. greivis is a beast!!
NEG straightlyin 'man i paid full price for my polo'.....yall tj maxx ass niggaz!
NEU tell us about your charity and win a donation !
POS rt : rt _bogle: somewhererightnow someones eatin mcdonalds in kfc < laugh my ass off
NEG rofl. rt if i see someone tweet about zingled one more time im gonna club a baby seal.
POS we're all working! &&& i reserved the tank for you, so nice right! hahah but you dont want. see you tmr!
NEU but not mars! we'll go to venus! EMO_HAPPY anyway my backaches gone! EMO_HAPPY i was in pain last night EMO_HAPPY could hav cried but dnt take pills!
NEG dude you've gone delirious after the run through the tunnel.
POS rise and shine time!! noshville then studio with nick to create genius..again:-)
NEG alyssa marie: ....really? - ? yeah, i hate you. get it through your big head. i don?t know how many times i...
NEU just left applebees... sneaking off.. haha ( laugh)
NEG mfl: minor delays en route to destinations due to equipment shortages this afternoon.
NEU hatless and coatless for the dog i hope not you ;0
POS mornin mornin babe, did ya dwnload what'sapp yet?? what's ya plans for this wkend an nx?? gna arrange a girly nyt @ mine xxx
NEU rt : leave it to canada to start the closing ceremonies with a mime van2010. and catriona gets to light her torch!
NEU rt : natiruts em porto alegre - promo??o exclusiva pop rock - bar opini?o 18 de mar?o
POS rt : someday we will be together again, huhuy i believe
NEU 
NEU k off to bed. hoping these meds will ease so i can sleep. nite all!
NEG is it weird that i'm crying while watching celebrity rehab with dr. drew?
POS grab my glasses i'm out the door i'm gonna hit this city [lets go]
NEU i can't touch my tongue to my nose, hey can i borrow your tongue? laugh out loud
NEU i just voted for check it out! tweetphoto
NEU rt : amazing 9 year old piano prodigy [video]
NEG ok they're gone i can do some more work. sigh.
NEU _com re the ferrari colour, i believe the use of yellow goes back to the warplanes & was changed upon enzo's death
NEU oh em geee ! you came to the rescue ! thankk youuu laugh my ass off dude i been trying for the past 2hrs i cnt (insomnia) laugh out loud
NEG young love never seems to last
NEU rt : rt _careers: insight & analytics research analyst - portland, or jobs hiring
POS wow so yummy!! :d hope you enjoy it..
NEU thy command. so we shall flow a river forth to thee, and teeming with souls shall it ever be.
NEU if you're going to primary a democrat, you ask everyone to contribute via . duh. why can't grasp this? arsen
NEU rt : when is it ok for parents to correct a teacher? (by )
POS be her then!! rt : wish i was her
NEU rt : poa - rs e regi?o, fortelece aeee e d? follow: ; )
NEU going to bed with possibly not the best music to to go to sleep to. oh well. who says i was gunna go to sleep anyway? ;p
NEG omg. total same reaction over here from us two. xd
NEU 
NEU the maya ads are over what i expected.
POS i wud lov 4 dis shit to last so ill tak picturs of my rearend so you wont 4get my ass alls well that ends ok so ill end?
NEG listening to w/ mike gousha. why is he trying to steal credit for barrett's hard work? is there anything walker won't steal?
POS canada wins olympic gold in ice hockey with 3-2 win over united states (source: orlando sentinel): canada beat the...
POS rt : todays person to follow is everyone rt and follow! EMO_HAPPY
POS increase your sex drive like i did!
POS rt : i cry because i love justin bieber!!!
NEU what is it with my obsession with people w/ pink hair? i mean ...smh
NEU uknowubroke when you using gas you cut the grass with to fill up your car
NEG elliptical, ugh. texas de brazil last night. it's early. id really feel like crap if i had eaten the meat.
POS sooo proud to be canadian we are simply amazing, crosby i love you!!!!!!!
NEU need to do a lot of translating, one click translation with this free software. any language. us only
POS hank is probably my favorite spoken-word performer .... smart, funny, and a huge heart ... love that guy
POS honored to be listed as one of you are fave 1 brands - ty! enjoy the rest of your weekend EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt _cbs: extended preview! go behind the scenes as carrie underwood guest stars 2nite @ 8/7c
NEU wassup....
NEU rt wired backpack hydroelectric plant gives you 500 watts on the move
NEU rt : 25 funny finger faces
NEG idontknow i heard that
NEU remember when you told me that i was mr. negative all the time? stop being so negative and you'll be more happy!
POS i think i can say i have been more productive with my homework than other times... EMO_HAPPY
NEU i remember when my timeline would be flooded w/ tt 's from & bringemback
NEU _love1 yup, that shit hard, if you wanna download it hit my website.
POS thanks so much for including me in your treasury! all the way to the fp of etsy!!
POS tell carolyn i said hello, then. remember to pull out.
NEU now i just have to decide which kit to get at sweetshoppe
NEG i swear they think coupons reduce their paychecks. grrrrr why give out rrs then make it so hard to redeem them?!
POS i went with nora to camden didn't i.. lol. now, me and you have to go. ha. depends what type of stuff you like i guess...
NEU just got home bout to eat...do a few pushups and try to fall asleep
NEG rt : help! anyone in sheffield centre got a macbook charger i can borrow till wednesday night?! EMO_HAPPY
POS hahaha oh my god i just made quinoa! i love it, though.
NEG don't give up so easy..:
POS yes! i love dates. EMO_HAPPY big love to you both!!
NEG what do you think about cheating in school?: don't worry folks, it's all anonymous, so we promise not to tell your...
NEU battlefield: bad company 2 (ps3): battlefield: bad company 2 (ps3) by electronic arts 27 days in the top 100 platf...
NEU im only human and all humans make mistakes but it takes a real man to face and fix his mistakes.
POS going to see gaga tonight xd
NEG it's so windy and i'm wearing a flouncy skirt...so basically i'm just flashing everyone on my way to class. mlia.
NEU they tryna flame bro?
NEU some netcall customers are experiencing dropped calls, techs working to fix the issue.
NEU i've been lax in my dog training/activities. magnolia constantly reminds me. the winds of change are abt! doggies are going 2 get more attn.
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- psn karaem: home's run
NEU oh ok. when you get the resume uploaded, copy and paste the html embed code (not the wordpress code). (cont)
NEG i am at trying to make my free book, but its not letting me add photos? hotprints
NEU blogger named envdevmalaysia posted, 'poaching: more needs to be done ?environmental developmentin...
NEU who won the culbertson vs brodsky case
NEG i felt like mary poppins leaving work, i almost took to the air with my umbrella!
NEG oh gee thanks for changing my brand new password so i could set up another brand new password.
NEU ebookengineering organic light-emitting materials and devices: crc press; 1 edition (september 12, 2006) | englis...
NEU w phone watch ? quad band, camera, mp3 player, phone tells the time too: this w phonewatch is a pretty impressive ...
NEU im going to call someone during so they can vibrate like crazy
NEU various artists - almost alice: a great idea some distance short of being properly realised.
NEG tmr gonna repeat again, except for the gym part. i gave up a super tempting job for shinee. im so money deprived. ahhh!! EMO_HAPPY
POS - hahahah you look wet! thanks for the photo mizz!
NEG rt : thinks that men are asswholes..& a complete waste of time?| most of the tyme they r, but @ tymes they do come in handy!
POS margaritas was like jamrock 2night..shout out to my nigga killah holdin it down against the wall gha gha..
NEU caca makannya banyak,jeng...tp dia paling suka donat dan....hhmm...sushi. huahahaha.
NEU later in the week kids...maybe like wed/thur?
NEG did i forget to mention my tv also died this weekend? i was just gonna live w/out that one so i could do the shirts. i have internets.
NEG one last go - otherwise i give up....
NEU i figuredd .
NEU taking a tour of the us capitol. sort of excited in a weirdly magical way.
NEU _jeszica you will! doin my hair now!
NEU power4home -- powered by webseeds.com - *proven products*:
NEG hmmmm i guess hoping classified will come out and sing 'oh...canada' is out...
POS wow
NEG "be quiet and hold your peace; you little know how many mercies lie in the womb of this affliction." john flavel
NEG i have that same relationship with cervantes... that mother fucker... i hateeee fighting him
NEG vandalism on 19xx philsar, memphis, tn (via spotcrime.com): vandalism/misdemeanor
POS my main impression from being at redsox camp for the first time: everybody is just thrilled to be here. never seen anything like it.
NEG the only reason justin beiber be a tt is because people hatin' be typin' his name too. y'all gotta spell his name wrong on purpose
NEU hahaha my sisters crying on the phone to her bf,n my dads making fun of her n was lk "its puppy love not real love" n she's all gettin crazy
NEU rt : dear world: everything you are seeing is a stereotype. we know. feel free to laugh with us. no, we don't all dress like mounties. van2010
NEG everybodys nasty tweets they don't say till the sun goes down
POS rt : madison violet just won the grand prize in the john lennon songwriting contest / folk category for 'the ransom'!!!!!!!! woo hoo!
NEU *guh* how is it possible for art tools to be sexy?
NEG 7 am phone call - can i substitute at little girl's school again? coming on the heels of tax season and subbing last week, i'm not pleased.
NEU @_ilovehiphop_ im aiight, bout to have the house to myself and be bored as fuck haha. i should see if my bestie has dat sticky icky EMO_HAPPY hahah
NEG first southwestair with kevinsmith, now sony with playstation3fat. screw fatists!
POS woahhh!! just found justin biebers personal twitter... sweet!! haha. but i didn't follow it because i know that he needs his privacy!! EMO_HAPPY
POS these pralines were ordered 4 a business meeting 2mar...they are gonna love em...melt in the mouth! will package em in pretty diva dishes wrap
POS pea coats were originally worn by sailors and members of the europeans navy. so, europen, coastal & vintage.. i like.
POS massive wealth from home no bugging family or friends! plug and play system.
POS tearing up carpet is probably the grossest house jobs i've ever done...all that trapped dust - i'm such a huge fan of hardwood floors!!
POS its movie over here... im about to get in this crazy ass carnival ride /=
NEG i am very sad & frustrated to see the fan-made kq game shut down - in the past i saw screens and other media -- it was pretty awesome
NEU @__ashley__ yeah, i watched it when they had them all up on hulu. sounds like the movie is close to finally happening.
NEU _bot ??????
NEU master! master! where's the dreams that i've been after? that's right, it's "master of puppets" by metallica. musicmonday
POS EMO_HAPPY no prob hun . it was such a beautiful picture i had to EMO_HAPPY we must have a photoshoot. youd be great to shoot
NEU johnny depp gets to work on ?the tourist?: getting to work on his latest gig, johnny depp was spotted on the set o...
POS out for drinks with the guys!<3
NEG if anyone else wants to bust out a fifty kilometer ski meet me on 9th and never
NEG rt : brutal seat steve sung on my right carlos mortensen on my left, and to his left the guy who crushed me yesterday.
NEU want justin on.................
POS our first winner issss: ! she receives an awesome t-shirt: twstcontest
NEU its all about location rite nw....evrytin has to be in d rite place
NEU placerville weather: 05:30 am, temp: 46.3, hum: 88 pct, wind: n/0.0mph, rain today: 0.00 - wdisplay
POS i look it. horn rims, grey hair on the temples... i like to think of it as "distinguished".
NEG i got an idea of writing a love novel. it's kinda depressing by the way
NEG theft on florance//monroe, memphis, tn (via spotcrime.com): theft from motor vehicle
NEU rt : farm ag h-2a visa changes could cut into kansas custom harvest hires
POS back at my house to let piggy outside and to see if the cat will give me some attention. then off to visit baby ruth!
NEG rt : you gotta get in the gloves my man...say nomore a man who just got fired is a dangerous man
NEU the primary interest of the members is figure skating, but anything related to a sport w blades attached to boots is welcome.
POS dr. laura's advice today is for women to stop picking birds with broken wings and instead choose the high-soaring eagles. come on ladies!!
POS i have no clue, but that's good advice!! laugh out loud
NEG i used to read "come as you are" all the time, i was a nirvana tragic, much long after kurt died, around 95/96 ....
POS i feel no shame im proud of where i came from i was born and raised in the boondocks EMO_HAPPY
NEG makes me fuckn sick that everybody abt 21 and younger think that ke$ha started the all so famous 80's rhyme style that she uses in her song
NEU trying to figure this out haha
NEG ask me the weirdest question evar!!
NEG _bgb laugh my ass off . you stupid , dont cuff doe . cuffin is fuh lames
NEU citizen advisory committee forms
POS attention all moms! join our team of moms working from home and loving it!
NEG always seem to enter trades too early and exit too late
NEU how to: make your own isandwich 4g
POS q:what kind of female do you see your self marr... a:sumone that will make me happy smart indepe...
NEU rt _x: manchester intl women's day: i will be performing at the monastery, gorton at 4:30pm and the pankhurst..
NEG rt getting a little better at physics everyday.. laugh out loud i'm proud of myself. <--ugh i hate that damn class haha
NEU new nightclub will open friday: building owner smith walker (center) and airon wallace (right) listen as lighting ...
NEU somebody please tell these niggas aint no ho in me....they taking all these shots but aint no holes in me
NEG q:im following you ;d a:stalker much? i'm rather scared. can you see what i'm doing too? :s...
POS productive day, all days :b
NEU sometimes, no matter how much faith we have, we lose people. but you never forget them. it's those memories that gives us strength to go on
NEG think i should go to bridge and fall down...
NEU hope you shit on yaself rt : eatn oatmeal before i head 2 wrk (=
NEU _chill i meant smoke srry lol.but I don't know  i guess is this kinda reverse psychology thing every1 always tlk bout follow so i said opposite laugh out loud
NEU rockstar_group: undercover as a rockstar mentee! check out my latest blog post here:
POS rt : whats meant to be, will always find its way .
NEU back home at the ranch ..........................................should i study or sleep?
NEG dude. the bachelor:( so sad i started crying laugh out loud
NEU who's buying canned chili and not eating it immediately?
NEU i refuse to get high blood pressure, wrinkly my face, or get hoarse for you. just watch my footwork. love always, ~felicia~
NEU if someone makes me this outfit (male wizard from diablo 3) i'll get my chest waxed.
NEU indiana's organic farmers compete for $767k in federal funds under a push to encourage conservation.
NEG yeaaa i feel it...niggas in the south go bizzerck in cold weather! lmao...i step outside and its cold as fuck! lol...not warm
NEU group| timewavezero2012 : message: purple skies: timewavezero2012: utopia, apocalypse or business as usual?
NEU why google makes it easy to leave google: ars sits down with the head of google's "data liberation front" to ... tech
NEU livecamcash launches camwithcarmen: xbiz award-nominated affiliate program livecamcash has launched the solo/webca...
NEG _levine but i imagine to the jack & jill set i had missed some common experience that they'd all had, as well.
NEU 
NEU you had already went to sleep when i wrote dat
POS i find it interesting that there still appears to be some level resistance to learning/using social media tools. schieffer
NEU the stores on my patch of staten island that will never go out of business: liquor stores, korean nail salons, and tanning salons. sad.
NEU earn $10,000 a month 10:55
NEU ahahaha..emg boong..ngetest doank! :d.rt : hebat! saya seharian jaga meja regiss..rt melihat b 88x h (cont)
NEU from a hospital cio, applies also to lean -- rt halamka: "standards are not imposed, they are adopted" himss10
POS i like usa and gb and ca, and au, but do you like my country hungary? but why?
POS yet be mindful of the books you read, too! ~manifest_1 well justsayin
NEU some hints for applying to public service jobs
POS hey guys do yo by chance know when the new tshirts will be sent out? thanks:) theburiedlife ;d
NEU rt : i am more afraid of my own heart than of the pope and all his cardinals. i have within me the great pope, self.martin luther
POS free tools to help you with your business opportunities!
POS gay mother-a homosexual male who you look up to, will guide you in the right path, will be a maternal figure?i need a gay mother at howard
NEU secondstar05:
POS city council elections in holland tomorrow. good luck to all my twitter and fb fans who are running. still haven't decided who i'll vote for.
POS rt : thank you for your support ! we really can't thank you enough! thon
NEU new blog post: get targeted-web-site-traffic by using youtube
POS nowplayin "pretty boy swag" by i loveeeeee dis shyt!!! goes suppa suppa hard
NEG def. true rt : - alot of girls have no idea wht the definition of wifey is. then wonder y guys act the way they do.
POS *moans, losing myself in your kiss, sliding my hands up your shirt, taking it off you, and letting my hands roam freely*
NEU vanabode camp, travel and live forever on $20 a day.
NEG fact that every act prior to goodie mob was trash. ...both on twitter and at the show. *ye shurg* no one ever steps to me. it's
POS am exited my best friend eyeisha text me the other day
NEU now playing: patrice rushen - watch out funk
POS ahhhh i can't wait!!! i still need to get the cd let alone listen to it laugh out loud
NEG i hate bloody pcs. ten minutes and still unable to log on. buy macs, people.
NEU 1000$ walmart gift card! limited offer! see details shininghongstar asian network bbc chile
POS rt rt : rt in bham please pray for heathers dad!
NEG hey! you should got in touch with me!!! you could have come in and pushed your product!!! surmelis...fail. ;-)
NEG awkward dinner moment... molly and i get plates, dan doesn't.
POS there are about 50 people playing, they just bunch together. i'll be on in a bit if you want to squad up.
NEG am i really becoming the woman god wants me to be or stuck in this rat race of life trying to become what i want to be?
NEG rt : if you get this message: "somebody wrote something about you in this blog here " don't click the link!
NEU ncaa sets the example for the nfl
NEG im not even beating you in tweets :o ...... few more to go.....
POS _ awesome! busy playing with 2nd generation of the grandchilds. all the 6yrs and below EMO_HAPPY
POS eating some strawberries ! and trevor just came over !! EMO_HAPPY
POS 20% off coupon this week in my centsible shop for these awesome pattern blocks: code: centsible20
NEG i didnt really think that you and kamy would last being best friends.
NEU rt : rt if you talk to your pets like they are babies. idothat2
NEU rt : u.s. to reveal rules on internet security ( nytimes)
NEG who were you talking to in the last tweet, cause there were no @'s
NEU 4: evenflo baby go high chair, limeade
NEG also i drank half a liter of crown during the wedding so i didnt make it to the after party.
NEG rt : uknowubroke when you know the mcdonalds dollar menu by heart.
NEU rt e a semana come?a muuuito bem. acordei ouvindo the fraktal - the runaway things from one of my dreams:
POS i feel you! as long as you gettin' to the moneyyy, i understand laugh out loud
NEU rt: : just checked into our hotel in hong kong. china is pretty awesome. wish we had some more time here.
POS laugh out loud has a groupie
NEG wait ; bruh come harder .. you couldn't measure with measuring tape ? what about a caspers hotdog .. tigers list of women..
NEU dawg, i be ruling theze str33ts bitch, dont go h4ting on m3 b3cause you ... (youtube
NEG off to watch the rest of brideshead revisited. le sigh. matthew goode and ben whishaw. i miss british men.
POS please tweet me i have to stay in hospital over night it will make me feel a whole lot better pleaseee
POS i hope you kept those red glasses. i threw them on the stage. ps: great show!!!
POS yup! i'll twitpic it to you tomro..if you want i'm on my ipod EMO_HAPPY so what you doing.!?
NEU i've been learning to live without you. but i do miss you, sometimes. i've been trying to get down to the...
NEG awkward: ranger called me william's "daddy," & i replied "i'm just his special friend." seriously kendal, "babysitter" is much less creepy.
NEU rememberwhen truth or dare and hide and go get it where too fun. too grown laugh out loud
NEU not much just laying on the floor! you?
NEU stars protest 6 music closure: vhr media bbc iv with keith allen, daisy lowe, jamie winstone ... - login to download
NEG walking into he office later would take a whole load of strength so it's best i go recharge now...
POS lol, ok, i'll meet you 1/3 of the way from my end, i'll be seeing them elephants by then for sure ;-)
NEG you know, when that last remark trails off into the depths of slightly uncomfortable.
NEU elisha if you really wanted to know.. i doubt you do anyway. ask me online. EMO_HAPPY
NEU _k no solid french dates at this stage but it's in the pipeline!
NEG here's a piece of advice for any and all ethnographers: avoid putting the word "savages" in your title. makes me hate you from page one -_-;
NEG rt @_mrmischief: _baby so you haven't cum in a whole week.. you must be ready to explode? when i did it the pain felt alittle good
NEG mark 8:38 if anyone is ashamed of me and my words in this adulterous and sinful generation, . . .
NEU wah ada yg magabut rt ngaskus dulu ah... masuk fjb!
POS an extremely bright iss will cross your sky tonight! it comes up in southwest at 7:33 pm. details:
POS _com good shout, though i'm a sucker for rockstar energy original, damn that's good elixir.
POS gtg. will do a project in history. i want it to be done right away.
NEU _ haha riiight and yeahh that shiz hurttss i wanna get a cute on like the one next to the ear but im scared lolol
NEU rt : 3 moms,11 kittens= 14 pull fees,$350 rt have foster but nd funding adoptapet cats cat
NEG 1: i thought i lived in the south. 2: i thought march was like, basically almost spring. 3: why the heck is it snowing?!
NEU 
NEG i no longer drink enough / to think you're witty.
NEG he say he love me and he should have never fucked up...i said o well pussy boi this new nigga jus lucked up!!
NEU "wherever you can stick me in, let the record spin."
NEU hazey? eu que rasguei seu see you com uma faca sua foca impetulante com cheiro de sardinha s
NEG rt : if they seem like jb fans i'm just telling them not to spam. spread the word! only put it once per tweet. soproudofyounickj
POS rt : don't forget to text play lamb at 55100 so adam can make the z100 countdown tonight!
POS our dance contest sponsors are twitter superstars!! watch our video, and learn more about these fantastic companies!
POS who is it? laugh out loud i wanna know!
NEG would prefer to have my garlic peeled and not my eyes....
NEU [greader filip?ra] mega listas: todos os bancos de imagens da internet
POS you have me hooked! too bad its the end laugh out loud rt _rayy: good game wv! back to the bachelor
NEG - ya it would get kinda chilly with the cargo door open, but i'm from canada, we just put on another
NEU "a wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left."~marilyn monroe rt:
POS ahh yes, the boiled pork. the microwave was probably my favorite charles moment. it smelled like cotton candy. way better.
POS win natura's ultimate pillow (arv $120) for the best night's sleep from ! win giveaway
NEU ceeeesinhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ( _ live on
POS i favorited a youtube video -- modern warfare 2: fpskyle's how to play sabotage like a man (mw2 gamepla...
NEU i'll be coming to you from kansas city, mo/ks on poetry by ja'meelah will air 03/13. blogtalkradio
POS oh yes! rt how about we just push emilie aside and replace her with kstew... okay? perfect
POS rt one who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger. ~japanese proverb quote: rt one who smiles ra...
NEG rt : when i read capitals, there is a shouting voice in my head! omgiknowright
NEU nowplayning - paramore that's what you get
POS listening to ,my three year screams hey mommy it's michael jackson,lol,this is an old school girl then asked me is that the ojays
NEU . by my count only one player can guarantee his starting place on june 12th, any advances on 1?
NEU rt _lecool: get drunk like an expert:
POS labels say the use of social media is a must|the music industry has been gaining ground in their attempts of ..
NEU . _24!??!?????????????!! [??????] shuzo
NEG is annoyed "a character in the james bond film die another day" is the first result when he searched "zao" in wikipedia
NEU i'm mad woozy...ugh i need a hug smh beingsickmakesyouweak literally laugh out loud
NEU before the bell: us stock futures higher; m&a action continues...
POS rt: social media guru. awesome - doesn't he look like mark? himc
NEG darn course packs, lab coat and glasses >=(
NEU and it is about the thing mentioned in the post description.
NEG y'all think it's too early to change my pic for wardrobewednesday ???
NEG can't say it's a surprise .. egypt score. fabio not impressed.
NEU that's what i said! i'm printing everyting.
NEU success is not the key to happiness. happiness is the key to success.
POS rt : same-sex marriage was legalized this morning in washington dc ? hopefully other parts of the country will follow their lead. go dc!
NEU isnt that a bomb outlook expressed in that quote??!
NEG ugghhh.. going to be in so much troublee.
NEG rt : take a chill pill. i dont think caitlin and justin are dating.and if they are than its not a big deal... forget dra ...
POS can't wait for the para-olympics! EMO_HAPPY
POS sukumar azhikodu on sachin hit 200 -"sachin shud retire from hockey" fakingnews :d my last tweet
NEG why are you gaining weight?
POS me too EMO_HAPPY
NEG i can see why ca is bankrupt as a state. look at all the racist fools that attend universities there -- and the people that support them.
POS burning legion: the horde successfully attacked the alliance. next battle: 3:38 am
NEU rt _ree: rt shoutouts2 _pruf27 _ree ---thanx babe...>no prob
NEU look4articles web marketing network act wisely: building web marketing network businesses that can offer... visit us
NEU irefuseto be an asshole towards women even though that's what most are attracted to, if i do meet someone whos into that maybe urnotforme
POS please notice this it was made by a proud belieber.. not me... 29
NEU jobs med/ped - morristown, tn us: med-peds needed - flexible practice scenario - beautiful east tennessee! lak...
POS pink sweat suits frowning up n every pink sneaker n everything pink from laugh out loud girls i know i did lolol i'm true to my pink!
POS john barnes: wayne rooney and steven gerrard are england's two most important ... - goal.com
POS i just so appreciate my tweeps from "across the pond". they seem to understand american culture as much as we understand theirs. anarchyuk!
NEU hey sweet, you unfollow me? /o\ :*
NEU hot 155 adsense ready, adsense powered sites.
NEU i'm broadcasting on .com now, come see me!
NEG have i done much of my journal? nope. what a waste of an hour.
NEU the erroneous funk
POS good for him! i'm a dmv native...saw him from his humble beginnings...so glad he put go-go on the map!
NEG oh dang. i wish i could just go to the globe and buy one but above sucks EMO_HAPPY
POS hi meera, nice to see you here! how are you? where are you? i am with your previous company - wipro! EMO_HAPPY
NEU twitter adds to dalai lama's virtual virtues
POS i will you please scratch my back? EMO_HAPPY
NEG i would have answered "your hometown, asshole." to that last one. just for shits and giggles.
NEG the ibs show is coming up they are soooooo gonna break my pockets
NEU laugh my ass off funniest shyt i seen 2day rt _: thomasinaa told starshaa johnn dick don`t qet hardd muchh (cont)
NEG rt : rt : f a s h i o n yeathatsmyshit< you knw this r.i.p mcqueen *ledgend!!!**
POS rt : laughter is the way to my heart EMO_HAPPY
NEU laugh my ass off i'm cece, but is my only twitter boo. sorry.
POS saying good morning to everyone. another gorgeous morning in surrey. wishing you all well.
NEU just joined a video chat with 43 other people at tinychat
POS my favorite song communication breakdown by led zeppelin is playing on wrat! listen now
POS rt : six sixes in an over, 200 runs in odi, 10 wickets in an inning, max fours in odi, max runs in odi and test - all records belong to india !!
NEU [az news] ariz. house votes to try using tires to fill mines
NEU portmeirion apple harvest wall clock
POS i really think this past weekend has made me realize something that i never thought possible, i think it made us closer than before
NEG just a random day in belgrade...playing with little ones EMO_HAPPY missed them a lot! (my dog - toy poodle pierre and sister's dog- leo)
NEG my car actin stupid, i think my power steerin bout to go... bad look
POS rt @_shianne: _3dh i want em i think me _3dh aniya and ant jr gon get em<< then all of yall just cop em laugh out loud
POS _teambyrne what colour are they? i need some new shoes laugh out loud x
NEU current disneyland discounts & special offers?
NEG rt : dis gurl said she got pregnant to get attention smh<--- thingsbasicbitchesdo!!!
POS watching toy story. in a better mood already. EMO_HAPPY
NEG i aint that slow !
NEG is it bad to have es type off feelinqq when you aintt aroundd ? missin baby . & ets kindaa retarted i havee too tell yuhrr sisterr fahh yuh?
NEU 
POS i love gang of roses wit lisa ray & stacy dash i love them ma fav actress....
POS my favourite place in the world!! rt shakespeare and company, a creative sanctuary | stephen emms
POS rt : without a spotlight, you speak your mind and by golly you get results, not for fame or the big i am, purely for another human you see in
POS i'm hosting this week's bsi!! wait for tonight's ingredient reveal on my blog! :d
POS - the night would not be complete w/out a trip to !
NEU the only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
NEU mma event friday at park place dome
NEU can the dodgers make it three straight nl west titles in 2010? dodgers mlb
NEU lookinggggg a hotmess, still want to seee my bd though. i lovee that boy.
NEU comparing the new windows 7 versions.
NEG this weather is shitty, it is so effing slow at work and i am beyond bored. pretty much bored to tears. i should probably just do homework.
NEU article about how support over pay keeps top teachers in classrooms
NEU laugh my ass off my fable for english was awesome it was about a hawk lying to a penguin saying it can fly etc laugh my ass off still penguin you cant fly EMO_HAPPY *pats*
NEU pls rt and watch pyramid music video oprah & david foster's protege
NEG oneofmyfollowers jst made me hungry wen dey t0ld me wat dey c00ked
NEU i'm at ayebloodyrights domain (danes crescent, glasgow).
NEU q:kenapa joe jonas?! a:soalnya cakeeeeep (-_-)
NEG this one? or is my smile gayyyy?
NEG rt : realthugs dont eat icecream on a cone. ever. laugh my ass off
NEG i'm just goin play zone cause its obvious that you can't win when someone plays zone against you
NEU one bedroom apartment with bay view (berkeley north hills 1300 1bd sfo cl realestate rent
POS "jason does not have a farmville because the government pays him a subsidy to not grow imaginary bullshit." -- i love my friends.
POS everyone seriously needs to get 's rebirth...the mans a genius
POS listenin to some of my old songs laughin lol...whats funny is, i shopped some of these. whoa haha..always been mad confident laugh out loud smh
NEU ok then. well sorry that i havent been able to breath all yesterday and today to be able to call you.........
POS it's time! home sweet home!
POS tweeple n specialteams mates hope you'll stop by and check out the ning i created for all of us!
POS i favorited a youtube video -- the big bang theory - sheldon bazinga !!
NEU [rated 96%] december letra shadows fall - letras de msicas { eletras.com.br }
NEU green building: white house releases fact sheet for homestar energy efficiency ...
NEG rt @_stylezp: who is this asshole tryna diss people on twitter? <~just what you said. an asshole hiding behind a name, girl.
NEU the denny hamlin/media feud that wasn't, via twitter | nascar
POS fantastic forex:: latest forex converter yahoo au...
NEU morniing ayy..makasii..:))rt : morning all.. have a beaut??fuil thursday.. cpet sembuh yaa saiiank.. miss you.. EMO_HAPPY
NEU is buffalo dat wack that i just had to be smitten by sum1 dats in nyc really thou really?!
POS thanks, means a lot to the volunteers who have grown it to this point. rt : agchat = very impressive in my opinion.
POS you'll be seeing this soon enough too and agreeing! rt : craziness...
NEU worldwide! rt : question of the day: what location do you have your trending topics set to?
NEU q:what music are you listening to today? a:justin bieber
POS "the dipance is youuuuu" is possibly my favorite part of griffin's music video. he really feels the music. adorbs.
NEU after elvis presley hair it now fashion outfits of stars. designer wears that wrapped michael jackson, elvis presl...
NEU rt : ?????? qt _wasp: ?????????? rt : ????????????????? ...
NEU i'm out of popcorn. and only a small bit of toast left. i want more toast. going to make more toast... in commercial break.
POS everything's better "tilted" rt a day in the life of new york city, in miniature. /
POS rt _franzen thankful and humbled for another day of life! it is truly a blessing! never take life for granted. live each day like it was
NEU all who saw the famusextape must follow and review the timeline of -> rt : this would make for a helluva episode of man vs. food
NEU aman athwal collection latest write up: bangs and bangles
NEU making my sister walk on my backk. baha. needs a good crackinn.
NEU really? omg. at me was not bad. but i think that could will be better. haha and how you feel today?
POS rt _lovegood: 060 from 365shots : show your love ...
NEG and fuck it if i misspelled my last @ comment to you. my bad
NEU rt : rt if you're in the jonasfamily and you want jonasbieberpeace ! and dont forget to think of (cont)
NEG rt : although we report on the studies, we do not believe video games are the cause of violent behavior in children
POS i like that game better than the usual "i spy my credit card at revival" i usually play on sat mornings.
POS waddup brotha! i needs to get my twitter chops up EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : lamatrix: ripmadisonbieber? unbelieveable. just because there's a jonas tt like that. wow. justin bieber fans are pathetic.
NEU i don't care what says in his interviews: his lyrics & his tweets make me smile. i feel all warm & fuzzy on the inside.
POS rt : attention paris i have a party at club vip on thursday!!!! let's go!!!! spread the word! last (cont)
NEU rt _nl: rt: : help mee om een representatieve twexitpoll te maken en retweet! twirus exit poll
NEG what up bruh bruh! yo i'm bout to order them ray ban's twitpic ya jawns for me. i'm not sure if mines is the right ones
NEU 
NEU now you can text to help people affected by the chile quake news: via
POS it's almost time for american idol and it's the guys night since one of the girls was too sick to perform. get better crystal!
NEU first in holloway and then for the last week in triin's place. are you going to be around 29/3-24/4?
NEU interesting....i'm checkin my email & i see that manny pacquiao sent me a facebook friend request. i wonder if it's really him...hmmm.
POS i experienced that 2nite!! rt : i love seeing health & fitness 'experts' that look like they just ...
NEU wkwkwkkw pempek yg dijalaprang yh??? hahay..
NEU ohio state buckeyes men's basketball team runs over illinois to secure share of big ten title: jon diebler has 21 ...
POS rt : thanks to peru, china, korea, argentina, usa and brasil for help our people. the help is comming!!
NEG bad news...he couldnt unlocked it
POS rt : jonasbieberpeace good to know.
NEU that retweet most likely due to and daily show pointing out the hypocracy of it all. go john.
POS kris and cale singing that remains to be my favorite thing ever.
NEU rt teameur0 everything european
NEG my beard trimmer isn't charging, due probably to a difference in voltage... i'm going to look like karl marx
POS rt : the only real valuable thing is intuition: albert einstein
NEU talkin to funny ass brian from youtube..and i got a tweet from alonzo too..now i'm gettin tired u?
NEU you tried the marmite cereal bars?
POS thank you!! ohhh chrissy. remember her? anywho..she preggy!
NEU lol! jip, it was a far and long drive! rt : water for _fourie at geeksushi
NEU rt : internet marketing professor: social media tips for artists: do you serve a small niche, like the ar..
NEG the narrator's voice has me pinned. i cannot move. all i can do is wait for him to say 1960, with light, crisp emphasis.
POS 2 all my new friends: welcome! peace and love 2 all. 2 all my friends!! i am very hon...:
POS news: campaigners are moving a step closer to making a lethal road safer to cross. villagers in north weald are fi...
NEG now i'm scared too go to sleep was telling me ghost stories!!!!!! ughh:/
NEG so is microsoft's "software plus services" strategy dead? it appears to be all "cloud" now. pcbuzz
POS rt : "we'll be a dream" is now available as a single on itunes!! check it out!!
POS heeeey! so i was right about babs having a boyfriend!! x
NEU when you work out why i want to know...
NEG hm, that or maybe bc the site got hacked a few weeks ago. can you check why older local articles aren't google indexing?
NEG news:pearson was arrested today at pierce college in woodland hills, ca for the crime of making criminal threats
POS i'm good lil homey!!! ready to get this work in witcha!!! lets get it!!!
POS won my 3rd match out of 8! 5 more to go! allez meee:)
NEU rt : _savag3_ken y you in shorts and a t shirt playing ball in da park? -__- damn laugh out loud you dedicated lmao...stfu
NEU ok so more info for the festival in the midlands; it's on the 21st march, and i'm on at 10pm! more info to follow...
NEU check out at mysalonbrand.com tigi catwalk root boost 8.5 oz
NEU _black currently listening to.hisssss,
POS "great men are they who see that the spiritual is stronger than material force, that thoughts rule the world." ~ ralph waldo emerson
POS shoutout to pretty woman
POS im so happy all thz snow meltinq!!!
NEU rt : when i tell people im a trainer,they think "gym" rt : i am a learning prof,i help people learn;i am not a trainer lrnchat
NEU dr. seuss' birthday a lesson for readers: parties in the mid-ohio valley and across the nation this week honor the...
NEU ada kue yg ky semangka go ahead  co?mauu..rt : pasar klojen rt : dmanaa?dmanaa?rt : lemah bgt gw dihadapan kue2 basah
POS oh my!!! cherry bomb by dakota & kristen = amazing!!! oh man this movie is gonna rock!
POS sounds like a perfectly reasonable thing to do to me. why not?
NEU rt : google wave email notifications are here (for testing)! get immediate, hourly or daily updates
NEU last chance to get blistered by rust belt sermon is april 9 at the frequency
NEU indosiar will show the re-run hours after that.if not mistaken around 10pm.the same day.if not mistaken.i saw the ad..
NEG this nigguh needs to chill the fuck out fucken fat shit
NEU chegou uma caixa da ludwing, o limited classic maple de 14x6,5', o som mais cl?ssico de caixas de madeira.
NEU turkey presses obama ahead of armenia genocide vote
POS farah's tees maar khan to release on december 24th 2010 - news: this christmas audiences are in for a treat with f...
POS grabbed some interviews at break. now rushing to write this story for fox at 10 and at 11!
NEU neighbour cat is taunting my cat from outside. mavis meows a good game from behind glass, but is to chicken to go defend her back yard.
NEU haha yeah?!? i dont even know who raheem devaughn is so ill check him out and let you know!!
POS he is my all... and i couldn't ask for more...
NEU rt _net: inri cristo: a vers?o m?stica de "hotel california"
POS now casting single men & women who are looking for love online!: are you a single, in your 20's, 30's or 40's and ...
NEG man dont change the money..money change the man..
NEG okays, im gonna do my makeup and get dressed now. no one talks to me -.-
POS rt your heart and my heart / are very, very old friends. ~hafiz
POS tip 14: feelings only need to be felt, so express them safely & privately, & feel better soon-soon! *wink*
NEU rt sjekk ut! vampire weekend vs yeasayer - giving up the alp (immuzikation blend): musikktips
POS i love softlips lip balm in fact, i applied the vanilla flavor just a few mins ago EMO_HAPPY
POS @_souzafan launched our tracker, so join us for free leech... oh, seed too! ==> h ttp://braziltorrents.com/register.php zj
NEG and the annoying ones make me want to kill. rt awkward people make me laugh
NEU hmmmm. not give the people a choice and expect them to accept the need for change? interesting and scary idea! laugh out loud
NEG think i just taught my daughter the nuance btwn "answering honestly but w/a relevant omission" and "lying". that probably wasn't very smart.
NEU im the first to fall last to know whered you go now im heels over head im hanging upside dwn-boys like girls
NEU ededeh.. jammoko tanya.. logatta bisa tongjii.. hahahaha..rt : ededeee .so balogat dia eh EMO_HAPPY
NEU i do not have a hickey! i posted a status on facebook that if 50 people liked it it grow a beard xd
NEU you got plans for lunch? i think we need to hang out for a bit. also, just to stop me from watching cartoons over lunch.
NEU i-70 westbound from i-71 n. ( 101) to i-670 ( 96)- jam factor: 0- incidents: 0 ()
NEG greatest hits box almost gone!
NEU i miss you too twin !! i'll be over in a few hun
NEU see if you can guess where i am now? hint - they have deschutes black butte porter
NEU rt 7 key ways to promote your personal brand
POS rt _raj: likes dreamworks animation: wow - movies
NEU cosmowatch virtualization dir: james river, iceweb, nasa and cloud computing | virtualization journal
POS "now i'm stronger than yesterday, now it's nothing but my way; my loneliness ain't killing me no more..." twirl homoexplosion
NEU hmmmm, to study or to make a nice breakfast? there's only one option here, though i may regret it once the pathology marks are in.
POS fafsa saved us $5550.00 this time around.
NEU fotolog atualizado: cosplay steampunk
NEU aol: channel editor, finance (london, gbr) aoljobs aolcareers jobs tweetmyjobs
POS omg! - using this my website got 12k views today. national grammar day jonasbrothersare itsnotcool
NEU i wud but...my bday tomoro..i ain't puttn it down for no1..sum1 gotta put it dwn for me.. imjustsayin
NEU 7082 westmoorland dr | berkeley hills | now: $1,150,000 | orig: $1,200,000 | total reduction: $50,000 | days on: 43 |
POS can you please follow me and give me a big shoutout EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks! my mom is there now she was walking by saw the line and jumped on it laugh out loud
POS at least i would say it, because it's truly what you are: an adorable, amazing dork with a good soul!
NEU vandalism on 11xx lexington rd, louisville, 40204, ky (via spotcrime.com): vandalism
POS i got some shit called buryberry weekend...you would think i was lil wayne lol!
NEU when i get a car, the license plate will say "haxlulz".
POS f1 remember, the 2009 race edit is now on the f1 web! great to be able to watch it at last!!
POS laugh out loud its cooliooo!! i get off today if you wanna come by before kid pick up time lmaoo!! or you know they're more than welcome too lol!!
NEG the judges on idol are making me not want to watch the show.
NEG i haven't seen him yet today. i was hoping for a smile
NEU her pin is 20d60.... EMO_HAPPY not giving any of you hahaha!
NEU complexity gaming - counter-strike | world of warcraft | team ...: today, major league gaming has annou...
POS after looking at the picture with the article i understand why someone would buy an island.
POS loving the track playing on 6music right now
NEG my knuckle is big, gotta work on lefty
NEU the urban playground
NEG grrrrrrraaaaaahhhhh! godd@$ maya! why wont you work for me?! EMO_HAPPY i really need to see if i can get a tutor to help me learn this stuff. EMO_HAPPY
NEU signal: extreme thing 2010: the ricardo laguna pro bmx dirt challenge.
NEU made it to work, printing out a krs... blah! missing his baby like crazy! i love you! always and forever!
NEU listening to juke box hero by foreigner rhapsody
POS ppp has surpassed the 100,000 view mark. a big thank you to our fans and our web partners &
POS it was really coool !! .x i told jack about it and he started pissing himself !! i looovvveee yooouu sooooo mucchhh
POS rt : ever wonder about sin: fat or gay? my video response
POS good morning! temps right now in the upper 20s.
NEG oh em geee!!! why do i have to be a bean head looser!!!?
NEU my guess is the 'larry show' or 'madowo on business n tech'
NEU i done texted and called this guy _matt ...he still hasn't hit me back.
NEU it's nice to look over your high school yearbook and see things are still the same as they were. you can still say "who are these people?"
NEG you need to bathe, dude.
NEU would you consider looking at my site and giving feedback?
NEU rt _aguiar: rt : cara, sete anos de fallen???? uhuuuuhhh!!! worldevanescenceday happybdayfallen
NEU rt lah kau mamaknya kek mana ! : kasih makan lah ini sodara kalian
NEU more work. (@ o'hare airport terminal 3)
POS just took "what kind of animal are you in bed?" and got: a teddybear! try it ?
POS rt : five minutes to go! winner will be randomly selected and announced at 12:01pm est. nbs
POS your friends seem to be extra supportive of you now but upon c... more for taurus
POS rt : i like to play the patric stump video on lockerz.com
POS rt : vas: are business owners & understand many if not all functions of keeping a business running like a well oiled machine.
NEU rt : announcement: call for hosting providers to present at arin xxv
NEU the rolling stones - you can t always get what you want
POS i just took "which twilight new moon character are you?" and got: jacob! try it:
POS australia wbu? EMO_HAPPY
POS wow is all i have to say
NEU i thought everyone knew that?
NEG rt : i've wasted so much time on chicks .... thank god i didn't waste the same amount of $$$(i feel the same way)
POS if you do it i would definitely watch it!
NEG loss of ub rehabilitation program will hurt region: the attending physicians are also faculty at the university at...
POS i am off that college work to do ill be on my phone if yah want me just @ reply my EMO_HAPPY love yah all thanks for following........... :)<3 xoxo
NEU have they told you who goes tonight yet?
NEG ain't asking nobody for nothing
POS my niche is better than yours!
POS sorry to hear it. have made extra noise for you. good luck!
NEU guys how many times wud you like you are lady to call you in a day???
NEG have you heard about the secret behind ?the secret?? (this is shocking stuff)...
NEU video: the chimney pro*to the rescue*cape cod, ma
NEU rt want expert career development advice? attend our free web seminar "brand: you" on wed. march 31!
POS oh my god thank u!!!
NEU check us out broadcasten live on ustream heres the link...
NEU landed in denver...quick layover before continuing to la...and then get ready for 3 broadcast in 2 days...
NEG _mzunderstood i might have one f too because my professor gives us nothing but tests & no homework. what you got an f in?
NEU beginning itunes reconstruction on new laptop. 9,709 songs and 37 gbs to go through....
POS 4real! rt : ok i am obsessed with carrie underwoods cowboy cassanoca song. it takes a woman that hot to make like country.
POS my thursday eavening tv line-up goesss eastenders, snogmarryavoid, then hotter than my daughter, then after a while skins. woop EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : how dead is print?
NEU rt _gops: sen. mcconnell on hcr just now: "this is a fight between democrats inside the beltway and (cont)
NEU conta logo o segredoooo .com .com .com .com ( _cardlpj live on
NEU dm he's just parked in my driveway...
NEU hopes adaa yangg aneehh di.seqolaaa ! (dance)
POS stare at it and you can kind of see him falling =d renee, lesson learned, right? EMO_HAPPY
NEU _kuro weeeek, ngapain gw disayang maho, wkwkwk EMO_HAPPY
NEU nowplaying cruel summer - bananarama
POS 2 and a half hours until i see jim halpert's beautiful baby!!!
NEU -- 3 earthquakes in less than 2 month span?!! groaning now but one day the earth will shake w/ joy.
NEU i need to act upon my feelings. even if my feelings tell me to distance myself from a person i love or have love for. its for the best.
NEU have some curiosity about twitter, facebook, adwords, and how to utilize them for your mlm?
NEU reformist economist saeid laylaz?s prison sentence reduced to 3 years following appeal ? gvf iranelection
NEU kyun dooriyan - shafqat amanat ali (2010) [pakistani album]: singer : shafqat amanat alimusic director: shafqat am...
POS _x3 alright ima hit yall up tomarro after this nigga do somethin on my whip
NEU confirmed: microsoft's project pink lives, and it's coming to verizon [exclusive]
NEG i wouldn't want to live forever. even though i would meet new people, i would lose everyone in my life.. it would be unbarable
NEG that's is the logic. but twitter is now against common sense
NEU free refrigerator (astoria, queens): free refrigerator, standard model, light creme color. mus...
NEU rt : i write about and elijah wood's film for
NEG anyone else watching terps vs blue devils?! fear the turtle!!! bandwagonfan kanyeshrug i'm new to maryland laugh out loud
POS it looks really nice outside!! sun is out
NEG _ but by time i load up my computer it will be 9 and you'll be gone d:
NEG i am whipped. i am starting to think about marriage and shit. i need her. get her to talk to me. please?
POS i just got up to 28,044 in doodlejump!!! beat that!
NEU rt : nkorho cam : hyena by: penny2
POS random just watch it :d
NEU vick?s future still uncertain (the mercury)
NEU - alexander mcqueen??,????,????
NEG awww, can i see? nobody deserves to be put down.
NEU new: quick video post: my company's latest expansion revealed! - please feel free to rt!
NEG bob bryar "booted" from my chemical romance? oh that's a real nice way to put it cockbags. i always liked rocksound better anyway
POS _austin i am pro-union! let's quiz pub emp union mems & see what they know about labor movement. raised by local pres & business agent.
POS laugh out loud h-i-triple x. i wonder what you thought i said durin the verse.
NEU icheatedbecause i want to bootleg my own sex tape.
POS praying for you my sista!! -->rt living with aids is a pain!!!
NEG oh & now my batteries gonna die. sum1 hates me 2nite missed chezza & am gonna miss
POS you should visit me in gorontalo. you can stay at my house!:d laugh out loud
NEU the lounge : emissions trading scheme gripe: author: thalasssubject: emissions trading scheme gripeposted: 05 marc...
NEU _robertson_uk thanks but i still miss the legs, i work out & still i know i'll never have them back.
POS getting ready to rock out at made with love bakery and cafe - today at 4pm! yummy, yummy...
NEU iremember when i first saw pokerface by ladygaga i thought it was wack but i love it abdc
NEU rt : what if you were at a party, and h.r. pufnstuf showed up?
NEU scurry county texas : billy e. tankersley - breckenridge american -
POS hahahaha exactly five o'clock and i just finished that sushi cat game! perfect timing EMO_HAPPY (been playing on and off)
NEU rt : 2 pentagon police officers shot at metro station by gunman john patrick bedell: the ap is reporting
NEU ft: china to target economic growth rate of 8% full
POS goodmorning the swagg rises from his slumber last day last class lets get it poppin nyc by the end of the night loveit !
NEU i would love to go EMO_HAPPY
NEU no sounddd ( live on
NEU rt xbox live changes policy on referencing sexuality, gender, race. (finally)
NEU dear god. i wonder if i can trade my lunch break for a nap time today.
POS represented a client at a green card interview in garden city, long island on tuesday. we were in and out and approved in under one hour!
POS hahahahahaha!!! rofl!!! okok cool then! imma sleep too! soo late!! nighty night!!!
POS lol. the 10ers are dancing to oh! again. EMO_HAPPY
POS really looking forward to oakland events for the phoenix flies oh my god you have just got to see this!
NEG twist should tour w. jb cause they both sickkk ! how bout chuckee tho ? ( twistshouldtourwithjb live at
POS - toysoldiers thats simple it was a atari 2600 with pole position and galaxian laugh out loud played with it fo
NEU the prudent see danger and take refuge, but the simple keep going and suffer for it. proverbs 27:12
POS had to send it here, as you're not following me ;-) i let him know. thanks again!
NEU just got asked if i had a gun in my bag.
NEU rt :
NEU nowplaying : "basic space" von the xx. tune in
NEU ok, i don't think i can last here at work much longer. moved my car so the busses don't block me in. i hope we're done before three.
POS this dude is like mj the sequel really..he always hits the big shot!!!
POS tomorrow is goin to be interestin, so excited to go out of town for 4 days
NEU rt : jonasbrothers jobrosdancethriller jonasfamily vamos jonatikas rt
NEG rt : it's not true? yep.no one can confirm story as the source of breakingnews.*damaginghercareer*
POS that amazing girl gave that speech years ago..she is still speaking today! still working for cause she believes in...
NEU masih ada, tapi bukan yg buat special shownya. gw masih ada 2.
NEG i hate children laughter in scary movies <__<
NEU alright...it's midnight. where are my new redskins?
NEU ada yg versi jawa nya..kocak!rt : i love you jesus ..deep down in my heart ,take a bow deep deep down down .deep down in my heart
POS brent and brad in hot flip flop fuck action -
NEU gender references x factor judge dannii minogue says sorry for comments abou
NEU ele ...
NEU the end of the end
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- happy birthday....
NEU _band scacover
NEG i took ballet/tap/jazz classes when i was 8...not by choice rt : if you're awake, me a randomfact about you.
NEU wireless industry grew by 5.9 million subs in q4 09 ? phone reviews
NEU we are doing our best to stop the b.c.c from turning mitchie high-rise -why pick us ?
NEU jake pavelka and vienna girardi play ?newlywed game? on ?ellen? video: how well do newly-minted ?bachelor? couple ...
NEG rt : if any1 thinks is being rude, annoying, or mean.. go to bed and wake up again, think if you were in his place, you'd be pissed too
NEU china backs diplomacy, not sanctions, on iran (ap)
NEG i spilled milk all up in my phone.
NEU when he walked through the village, other men took quiet note and the women's pleasure went undisguised. brazil 842
POS very excited today - i am taking a day off. unheard of! going to a market to shop. catching up with a friend. and doing other fun things : )
NEU _ririe di rmh gw go ahead  asik..?h?h?h?h?
POS phoenix- free i-pod touch: just got a newer one for my birthday. this one works fine and i'm giving it away. youd ...
POS ibelieve in you and me. everything will be alright.
POS q:can me & you get to kno each i think you real cute & wat not & you seem like a cool p... a:who are u?
POS looking forward to seeing too of course.
NEG i more hour to go. then.. i'm dead. tt^tt
POS guys i just noticed this, $30 for two commissions from two of my favorite cartoonists: ( and )
NEU learn to draw a car and impress your friends: have you ever tried to draw a car and failed terribly? you should
POS welcoming joe sinclair; social media svengali, author of wkw, and marketing director into the guided team.
NEU i finally figure it out, no point getting angry over some childish and immature kid, just be happy for yourself. ?
NEU rt : ff 6
NEU '...establish a decent broadband system in all rural areas of the uk' -- allan hathaway
POS laugh out loud oh my god and ahahhah is it just me or most of justin is about sex laugh out loud oh how you do me and first dance laugh my ass off
POS that's right. i could really go for a coffee right about now too.
NEG @_davechappelle ogochocinco was injured in a fatal cargo pants commercial...it's hideous to watch
NEU sleep early, its still 8.34 p.m bit tired, and gonna wake up at 11 p.m to study, byee EMO_HAPPY
NEU wi-fi stumblers disappear from apple app store
NEG so tired! first week back to work and i've had to start before 8am the last 4 days. big sleep planned for tomorrow
NEG _xo you get me, using words like lugubrious (like this guy it's all crazy...
NEU designing the rubric: the correlates of effective schools via
NEU ask me anything
NEU tonight will try unlock and change bb pin.
NEU start saving money now! i will teach you how (part 1) | the ...
NEU yeaa i was tortured fa real haha...wut you doin?
NEU ariz. senate backs bill to restrict local gun laws
NEG my loc is still on my profile...wth
NEU rt : believe in half of what you hear, most things that you see, and all that you feel.
POS rt justin im thinking you should do a half hour session where you just reply to your fans non stop EMO_HAPPY what do you think?30
POS i want to read: princess for hire by lindsey leavitt
NEU _goblins i must say that having minmax throw goblinslayer through a window over kin and his rape statement (1/2)
NEU hearts beat stronger in the hands of the hollow
POS you are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey...
NEU shower time... i gots to be at work at 6am
NEG i ran the games. "born to be wild" is my nightmare song.
NEU ayuuuuukkkksss.... rt : minum sekuteng yuks!!
POS whoever invented these deserves a noble prize
NEU i think placesiwannahave sex should be placesihavehadsex
POS rt : daydreaming is the best for boosting my mood
NEG man the earth is a lil angry i see this morning, big quake in indonesia and huge aftershock in chile today.
NEU in the words of the true mooner, my arm is gnarley, dude.
NEG _moody you better be there!! i haven't missed a show yet!
NEU when an indian returns from us...
POS wsj: unemployed not at the office so not spreading flu means quiet flu season ergo everyone should work from home!
NEU si perfecto. ( live on
NEU edmonton: meeting held for possible school closure
NEG why are 3rd level colleges semi-finals played one day and then they must play the final straight away the next day????
NEU county wants to vote down rybolt park -
NEG im tired of thinking of ways to create playlist using visual basic and windows media player control
NEG all this time..all i have done is clean 1 room....partially grrrrr!.....still a little bothered by my talk with someone on aim last nite EMO_HAPPY
POS - yes it did. just found out about it yesterday afternoon. any ideas what to do?
POS playing with my lil sister,sometimes it's funny forget all... :d
NEU gw waswas klu masang picnya di hp gw as wallpaper,tkt banyak semut anjinggombal
NEU i posted 9 photos on facebook in the album "50th birthday party_planned by sconetti"
NEU here is the video i mentioned in my last tweet.
NEU maybe i should get on skype... i'm not doing formspring.. but hmmm skype?
NEU rt : vote 4 these abolitionist ideas to win pepsi refresh grants. freedomfriday rt 2 win!
POS photo: readmypockyface: waaa! waaannnttt!!!!!!!
NEG i am lost without you.
NEU ebay buying tips (lorraine venner) ? vici blog: how to get the best deals on ebay. finding deals is exciting. it f...
NEG by the way, i always thought i was green rather than blue. it was a bad passport photo i used for my profile picture.
POS - i agree i would do anything to get one of these, that would be so awesome framed and on my wall,,,
POS rt : i was abt to ask you if you were ok?! lol!!! <--lol yeah i'm good
NEU knp sayang? rt : wanna cry. uhh, menye menye
NEU food label jungle is hard to navigate
POS get thousand of followers for free! vip are getting over 1,000 per day!!
NEU cameron learned ashcroft tax status "last month" - reuters
NEU another toy soldiers code,
NEU not sure about vista, but it's usually "run" then type cmd to get to dos prompt, then "ipconfig /all"
NEG heading home after 12 plus hours on duty. had to clean someone else's weapon without q-tips...
NEU pergunta l??
POS thanks!!! for the ff love!!
NEG they shooting at the pentagon? maaaaannnn people are mad as fuck.
NEU 3d printing changing prosthetics forever
NEU oh yeah. this is happening.
NEU chorus :
NEU i think this is debbie's twitter ff
NEU rt : rt : the disaster of the 20k job loss under bush vs. the really good news of 36k lost jobs under o tcot
POS rt make loads of money!
POS "can we trust our own heart?" absolutely!our heart is the most sacred place.it's where truth lies.and where god dwells.
POS n i m going to mumbai after 2 weeks.. that proves that i can survive without going home (at least for 2 weeks! :p)
NEU [mixtape] young money - gangland 6 -- get it live!
NEG doin my hair (which is goin to take forever) and some preparation for spring break. u?
NEU rt _viibe "bitches smile up in yo face, turn around and talk shit. you a industry bitch, i'm in the streets bitch."
NEU rt : i've almost always picked the best time to drop the worst lines
NEU rt : "advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper." thomas jefferson
NEU want a virtual preview of what mauchu picchu looks like?!
POS rt : the top 100 jewish moments in film via
NEU it's some minutes after 1 and i'm a little sleeply so i'll sleep right now! *insert generic guitar riff*
NEU show de bola. pode mandar segunda a noite. relax.
NEU mewithoutyouislike scott mescudi(kid cudi) without w e e d; thetruth.
POS follow me pleaseee EMO_HAPPY you're amazzzzing!! kingstonfollows ..
NEG i have the worst posture.
NEU me too! some people lose it after midnight! laugh out loud
NEU i just snapped a new picture:
NEU ngejelasin film my name is khan sama si fadly hahaha dia nya go ahead  ngerti2 subhanallah!
POS have you enter the awesome zevia giveaway yet today?! bfc belly fat cure
NEG "'i'm going to fuck them,' he imed a friend." oh, modern business. the internet hath made you mighty.
POS laugh out loud cause i know you wouldn't. i'm fragile. touch with care
NEU rt : don king hints that mike tyson may be returning to the ring very soon
POS a day is in advance tho ha! but seriouslly think bout it ... laugh out loud it actually is. & umm where you stay at again?
POS boy i aint boojee..lol. i keeps it real, you feel me...
NEU rt : start over?! here's why insurance cos want us to walk away from reform and why the pres wants them held accountable
POS hey there. we are good. meeting with a house builder today. hope you are well!
NEG revenue managers.....why are we stuck with rooms only? arent there other revenue producing areas???
POS no ceilings best mixtape ever
POS _kay then get one my dear
POS just let me kno its about 2 start gettin hot so you kno a nigga goin 2 be on the move
POS you shouldn't be everyone loves u!!
NEU and he said "you wont find another like me", so she said "i hope not" - more funny statuses:
NEU is it true they call me helena without breath? yes because when we look at you our breath is shortened.
NEU rt : what kind is that? (my version of a margaretta pizza w/ onions)
POS wooo! you get the book...that is great! i ? daniel but want cam! 900 oooo good luck!...xoxo you are interseting...it won't be
NEU my phone went dead laugh my ass off
POS here's a great pre-review of the divination deck i designed: you can still preorder a copy here: tarot
NEU photo: vitamia: now i feel like watching this
NEG i drove a whole lot today. only 3 more weeks and i take the test : /
NEU EMO_HAPPY born to be wild
NEU fantasyland forest will remain within the current train track boundry
NEU is the hunt for a new ?good will? over?
NEG tonight is date night with joe. - and i?m in such a weird mood? i just want to lay in bed and cry all night....
NEU why is everything so much easier to type rather than to say?
NEG bored out of my mine
NEU man oh man well you know courtney hull is trying to convince men they met her again and requesting all my male fb friends....
POS 25 amazing and fresh jquery plugins - speckyboy design magazine
NEU going out of the country for a few days
POS rt we are now at the new location. 1804 newport blvd is poppin off! come by and check us...
POS rt : june 10th season 3 starts... EMO_HAPPY that show!
NEU i actually don't drink coffee; the only coffee i drink is caramel frappes/frappuccinos.
POS suge said if they had let me finish my set i wouldve had them shootin.. laugh my ass off
NEU - you've been hanging out with tiffany, eh?
NEG sorry so long getting back to you my pc froze and crashed laugh out loud ugh.. my day is getting better, def going for a ride later.
POS fudge made with vegan condensed soya milk by my friend alice! EMO_HAPPY via
NEU girl you have been soo lost!!! i havent seen you in 2 months. hope all is well. love you!
POS laugh my ass off how you gon get to my house?
NEU i?m at a stage in my life where i?m having a hard time caring about things. fortunately, i don?t care.
POS follow me!!
NEG always, i wanna be with you. and make belive with you. and live in harmony harmony..
NEU eos 100rb additional black wireless remote speaker for use with eos base system
NEG *jimzus! tis too early u2* rt : cos you drank too much camel piss as a kid! rt : (cont)
NEU just waiting for one guy to come along and prove me wrong.....
NEG the wind is ho
NEG i miss the old days ..
POS hi renee, how are you going, i hope that you don't mind me lokking you up. hey
POS rt _am_shanel: you know i know where all the good fat girl snacks are in the dc area laugh out loud <--lmaoooo
POS hey, you there, have you met my friend cuz you should, and by meet, i mean follow EMO_HAPPY
NEU i really don't know how you n do it! your like bloody robots! my hat off to both of you! i'll stick to treadmil
POS - and !! break you are record. and live like a king!!!
NEU the eye of judgment: legends 2010 - psp:
POS 5* microtut is cool: centering a div both horizontally and vertically (via )
NEU "you cannot exploit your baby for sales" -dwight, the office. haha
NEU eu acabei de comprar um water lily lamp no stardoll. confira minha su?te!
NEU rennovations & additions ? ranktest's blog: if you are looking for sustainable solutions for your next /home renno...
NEU but we only lost by a little bit to !
POS rt : rt lady gaga sh** watch how i poke her face! nowplaying "trunt up" by t-breezy
NEU they're having fun but the heck, i'm not. -.-
POS if anyone is interested in a free lyric api with revenue share get in touch. i've 1.7 million lyrics sitting here waiting to be utilised!
POS follow because she's my sister & i love her sooooooo much! & she's saved! sanctified, water baptized & holy ghost filled!!
NEU sign up for the guestpulse free trial and know what your guests are saying. 20 second sign up.
NEU asked the couple next to me if they thought it was too loud...they pulled out their earplugs and asked, "what?"
POS love me do
NEU yahoo-regionalnews: enam rumah di sibolga hangus terbakar: liputan6.com, sibolga: diduga akibat hubungan pen...
POS it was delicious! i'm pretty much a prettier version of nigella.
NEU how can i decorate a room just like this nice ?! EMO_HAPPY
NEU itunya gundul ngga? wakakakart : gw agak gondrong koq gak gundul. hehehe..rt : gundul muuuuu (cont)
NEG rawrrawrrawr. you're supposed to still be stuck on me.
NEG rt : liz cheney: taking flak from the right as well as the left
NEU _cs re: latency checker - in a xendesktop env you can get the latency (and bw) with hdx monitor
NEU meaningful menagerie: happy thanksgiving acorns card: all blog content is the original artwork and property of cha...
NEG i am sooo bored.:
NEG it's so hot! this el nino is becoming more and more intolerable..
NEG i've gone through it logically and it just doesnt make sense! he has ruled out all continents except africa or s.america!
NEG hehe,m mad at you jor,u didn't call me back..but yh,dts part of it.:(
NEU get your copy of farmvillesecrets first and original farmville guide better than mafia wars or warcraft.
NEU took the "voc? ? realmente f? do joe jonas?" quiz & got: wow, voc? ? realmente f? do joseph! :d! what about you? ?
NEU just in: belinda neal reacts to her pre-slection loss.
POS thank you for the ties and signed pics, they arrived safe and sound this morning! x
NEG omg, i was just winked at by steve buscemi's doppleganger. i kid you not. ew.
NEG have just re-pierced own nose and had mini pity party in the bath with jelly beans. slightly more spontaneous than give self credit for.
NEG rt _ang: the man who views the world at fifty the same as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life - muhammad ali quote
NEU rt : get into it!! spectrum cosmetics-->
NEG rt : don't really wanna call it a night but i guess i'll go to sleep!
POS oh! and also saturday, or shall i say black saturday, and will be back in ester sunday!haha
POS meet the most gorgeous boys in all the world! ------------>
NEU for your information i was he '05 you can read more at facebook.com/glamourgals
NEG i wish i had a london accent EMO_HAPPY
NEG you havea cold. it's be rude not to
POS frustrated? try this incredible way to earn real money in 24 hours!- check this out now! this could be the answer 4 u!
POS wny is everything about lbp awesome? the music the cuteness asdfghjk
POS the next radio commercial for texano comes on at 11:50pm!!! hot 1079 make sure you listen for it !!!
NEG someone pm'd me saying they won and they didn't what the fuck you think i'm stupid?? (don't answer that) someone just trying to get something for free
NEG this is not the business.!!!
NEU gameday
POS laugh out loud how you figure?
NEU diving a wreck off puerto del carmen today - short boat ride out of the harbor
NEU rt : wheres the place to be tonite? any suggestions? < let us both know..i might step out too
POS i'm with mickey mouse. EMO_HAPPY
NEU tribute videos : i decided to put some videos from fans who are working hard their bass technics and the music and...
NEG q:youh shouldn;;t bcuxz youh kan die. a:like i said, i only do once in a while, but i'm done w...
NEU my twitter location is where da cash at
NEU why weren't you allowed on air a few days ago?
NEU rt : do you believe that social networks decrease productivity in the workplace? please vote 4 a post:
NEU cleveland cavaliers 99 x 92 detroit pistons; theking foi o cestinha do jogo com 40 pontos *-*
NEU i'm using whoshere on my iphone, join me, my friend code is emgqm.
NEU torne ??? ps3|??
NEU the weather in lelystad at 08:30 -0.4c 85pct 3.5m/s ne
POS time fur breakfast, den bakk 'gain for the one and only queen of pop? madonna?!!
POS sales and specials available this week only: hello digital scrappers,scrapbooks gone digital! has news for you!di...
NEU i've been served. thanks for the splash of cold water.
NEU trealquotes "man's mind stretched to a new idea, never goes back to its original dimension." - oliver wendell holmes
POS maybe they appeal to my desire for a nice, ordinary, warm, pleasant life.
NEU catch suzie in the kitc...: catch suzie in the kitchen in her skirt and then stripping it all offvid?o ci-dessous...
POS going to skate with ...peace! , pick us up in town when you get out of work please=] thank you
POS i love u!!! srsly you are my new bf! i need new product reviews and vids immediately!
POS my first and favorite follower EMO_HAPPY ? i love you guys, and wait you! argentina wants to be rocked by you!
NEU i've for sure been there as well
NEU travel insurance : 'something to declare: indian visa fiasco for uk tourists; rail deals for ... - - via thisnewz.com
POS i just got the mac heist bundle. 7 awesome mac apps worth $260+ for only $20 and got 3 sweet bonus apps free!
NEU new post: biscuit teacher and sugar candy ep. 16 part 1
NEU top-down with all the // back close - // in taking donations haiku
NEU rt : if you are in a hurry you will never get there.
NEG now i know that i cant make you stay. but wheres your heart.
NEU rt : iran's ahmadinejad calls sept. 11 attacks on u.s. a 'big fabrication' to justify the war on terrorism - irna news agency via reuters
POS cant wait to watch remember me!!haha
NEU the dance of the cosmo shows, as above so below
POS rt : in staying home tonight. who's got a blackberry? keep me entertained and bbm me.;; bbm me hoe EMO_HAPPY 312bb5ee
NEU should have came we having a blast.. but they gettin crazier the later it get
POS where in australia are you performing , ? ox.
NEU did you get peanut butter on your caps lock key again?
NEU what are archdiocese's priorities? dan rodricks: that will be a challenge, tougher than the last time the archdioc...
NEU you woulda been really stuntin on niggas if you put your lambo in the back laugh out loud dont shit on em like dat doe soulja
POS congratulations on the 26 lb. weight loss. keep it off.
NEU i'm at jacksonville international airport (jax) (jax, jacksonville).
NEU rt travel ny rt new at video cafe: david gregory: "bush was courageous too on iraq" health fas...
POS i have to say that i loved alice in wonderland ? EMO_HAPPY
POS i go to alabama state and i love it im glad i made this choice
NEU rt : there is zero difference between people dancing to mgmt and the peanuts cast dancing in front of linus and his piano
NEU wa: null and 46 f at bartow municipal, fl winds are northwest at 4.6 mph (4 kt). the humidity is 62%.
NEU rt : cosmic breakthrough: exotic antimatter thought to exist right after big bang is created on earth.
NEU - fotos - antigas de rbd
NEG biological pets i'm on board with. human pets suggests a dungeon environment i wasn't prepared for on a sunday afternoon
POS listening to the new webcomics weekly. maybe it's the hour or the fact that i listened to cc2c but i keep hearing my own voice! in there!
POS jst left us berley!..on my way back at the keyboard home
NEG with boys like you, i'm better off on my own
NEU yu shuldve went nd had a good time laugh out loud
NEU nada a ver com o cadu kkkkkkkkkkkkkk ( live on
NEU calling to mess with her
NEU new post ? a guide for kitten care cat tips - the type of pet supplies you buy will determine the overall health o...
POS rt : "one thing that's forever is a soulmate"
NEG have to watch the oscars online tonight due to those b at sky putting it on a pay channel....
POS send some my way please....
POS a bit of good news about classical music in the u.s.
NEU shoutout to all the people who was holding me down in twitterjail even though i was in that bitch for 4 hours
NEU rt new xbmc media center and the microsoft media center plugins for tvcatchup.com see
POS espresso + writing + making omlettes. i love sundays.
NEG rt : _freshh what did i tell you fools!!?
POS hahah what is she doing here?
POS rt : happy feet...
NEG why was it fruitless?
POS nice work - personally i prefer the cane. ;-) rt _evans $5 riding crops... thinking of you.
POS okay !! im gewd !! got a random axx text from t n he made my day !!
NEU you are clear in your communications, especially when expressi... more for scorpio
NEU when my cd gets boring, i'll call you to hear about you are "long" night!
POS good night twitter. and thanks for a day, that made me tweet and booth more. write me!
POS rt _slick yeahh dat shit is iight -__- -- iight? that shit ohdee poppin nigga
NEU shopping at an organic food store | 24/7 online shopping: if you have just recently decided to switch to organic f...
POS i hit the gym 2day.feel so good and fresh.my face looks so much bettr wd all that sweating out
POS it was good, i had a great time! ready to get back to ny. "in da streets" you say, where'd ya go?
NEU chef, you're a very gif-able guy: i've made too many. :d
NEG morgan is so mean to me. lol.
NEG this is alarmingly true. but at least with twitter, i have something to do with my lack of sleep besides watch anime
NEU early birthday present? apaan? kok diem2 aja -_-
NEU bad romance - lady gaga x3
POS i totally gonna love the new season of "sonny with a chance"!! so random laugh out loud
NEU rt : wao! you profile is amazing = selena gomez. your fans like and respect me more than you do.
NEG even though i hate you my life would suck without you!
POS got a sunday off and i get to watch the atlanta race today. yippee! over in rowdy chat as well if people want to come join in.
NEU jajaja creo que usted es un lamer-troll. fail
POS yea man... but yea things do seem to fall in place if you let em right... man i might see you soon anyway smh EMO_HAPPY
POS yeah EMO_HAPPY i was given season 1 remastered as a gift too, so looking the shiny and pretty EMO_HAPPY i want spock.
NEU and when was this?
NEU rt : fly to the moon - casely
POS hoping there is space on the bellbowrie under 15s hockey team!!!
POS im very very good EMO_HAPPY just finished work and home now to relax.. got uni and work tomorrow:( what you been doing ?? ?
POS that's why you are one of my heros laugh out loud
NEG don?t miss! $250 in free outback steakhouse gift cards! (usa offer)
NEG rt @ : wooyyy !!! tell all i'm in badmood .
POS rt : could you please watch she did who i am and a bunch of other songs in signed english! EMO_HAPPY
POS finally...cape town gets rain after days of heat!!
NEU rt : acne treatments gainesville - information for healthy skin ...: there are lots of solutions that c...
POS we love lil twist because that nigga rap
NEU the next web?s weekly recap: real time web, ipad and the startup visa
POS yeah i think i was laugh out loud
POS can somebody recommend some bands to me? EMO_HAPPY
NEU oh dear lord my head. at least is making me a tea ;-)
POS _duh aaaawe c: that is too cute for words 8d i love you and would adore it if you got me one n___n
POS : eff folgers! the best part of waking up, is this crazy-awesome lemonade that my dad makes, in your cup. delicious!
POS this weather reminds me of thanks giving.. i think imma have boston market tonight!! or does someone want to cook me that food?? ha
NEU new sports community tower, family fitness club launched in pasir ris-punggol|singapore: residents of pasir ..
NEG this place is dead. finishing my beer that was bought for me and moving on!! ha
POS i'm a better man today than i was yesterday.
POS i will travel all over the world to find and buy my world 2.0. promise...!!!91
NEU rt rt : ???? rt ????????? ??????????????? ?????
POS many thanks. EMO_HAPPY yes. first race of the year. i'm so excited. :d
NEU lockport: churches plan haiti aid show
POS rt : one week till hugo nomination deadline! details here: /via
NEU *smiles weakily, whispers* thank you... *touches your cheek, you feeling how weak i am getting*
NEG ah yes the screaming baby. $20 says next to me on this long flight
POS i love ..seriously..check this out.
POS duck and cover & everything will b ok.
POS welovezanessa because they're so sweet to each other. they hold each other's back every minute and second EMO_HAPPY
POS ahahha . im guessing that was to me . well that would be entertaining . hahah that would only fill up one lunch though .
NEG cards missing out my deck
NEU aio cd - dvd burners (5 burners) -
POS movie with my mommy. perfect for a rainy day. EMO_HAPPY
POS langgeng yaa rt : 1/3 year with . thank god. how i love you, dude EMO_HAPPY
NEU disc+ hbo: buy the blu-ray or dvd, watch on demand instantly - find, shop for and buy hbo at amazon.com
NEU rt : bah -_-rt : fans tuh rt : ngek ada org nelpon pas diangkat eh mati
POS pretty good, i've written a lot so that's definitely good!
NEU you know what i researched international... artist ... who cares abt american statistics.... but now im doing american statistics....
NEU runpippirun trying to send a single mommy to vegas & tao for shots of ciroc
NEU will ferrell 'e sensacional em land of the lost , rachei de rir.. recomendo pra quem tem bom humor! minhas 2h de folga! vamos em frente
NEU rt : for casen i endorse who is right on the issues and has stood with us for decades. teaparty tcot ocgop
NEU : tom dice and his guitar
POS photo: whoop whoop
NEG sorry about that. here's what the oscar goody bag has
NEU new post: home speed cleaning secrets.
NEU : "stay" - nick jonas & the administration. .
POS go and follow < shes freaking amazing EMO_HAPPY x EMO_HAPPY
NEU real time ? record em 2? tv
NEG see now get outta my neck o the woods!!!!
NEU black & white pics of rob from the remember me press junket
NEG my speech is so hypocritical.
NEG nothing is as hard to do gracefully as getting down off your high horse.
NEG rt : there is a direct correlation between being a superior band and no one wanting to read about you. don't be offended. jus ...
POS i am the dj tonight! rt : i hope will appear and kick the dj off tonight.
POS rt : i gotta follow nicki minaj she told in a song they got she gon put her puss on his chipped tooth lls tht chick is wild ilike
POS not coonery. i want chicken and grits...is that a crime?? laugh out loud
NEG i don't know what my heart wants. i don't want to see him, but then i do.. i don't know EMO_HAPPY
NEG also the credit music from avril lavigne was awfully jarring - was not and am not a fan of hers!
NEU check this video out -- jfk speech on secret societies and freedom of the press
NEG rt : if you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone.
NEG rt _onthemoon what the fuck is up with the trending topics? smh.
NEU ask me anything
NEU what's good my nigga?
POS _of_cfe am i playin to harsh, lmaoo << whats score? laugh out loud
POS goodnight world. may tomorrow bring you peace. EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
NEG says ...wew....nid to review n ..hahaha...finals n eeh...sna d aq tamad :-din..
POS re:"lol im starting to like matthew" --yes, well he's a very likable fellow, if i do say so myself. EMO_HAPPY
POS so i'm getting a tribute peace for baltimore...it's 1200 for the tat...lol np...we the moneymen let's do it
NEU rt : should i even bother to keep you interested? yeah duh! keep the tea boiling hot
NEU every so often,i crave finding someone who loves and accepts every part of me,no matter how odd,scary or badly dressed.not.gonna.happen.
NEU giving this hockey thing another try and i'm liking his effort out there. i missed his injury, he okay?
NEU 
NEU rt: "stuff"mydadsays "i lost 20 pounds...how? i drank bear piss and took up fencing. how the (heck) you think, son? i exercised."
NEU an emailer reminds me that keith acton actually pre-dates fergie with the leafs. he's on his third head coach. who does he have pictures of?
NEU basic concepts iii: history and recent trend of online fx market: the recently technology advancement has br...
POS maybe you can follow me? just press my follow button:d
NEU with your shoulder or what?
NEU home insurance owner quotes. you can get much lower rates.
NEU yoga's benefits, detriments might be a stretch: jon: i really want someone to try and explain to me why stretching...
NEG myspace limit per song is 6m. my track is 6,7m at 128 kbps. fuck myspace. this is not a place for music. such sizes suit ringtones more...
NEU rt and follow & monthly contest to win an swatch watch swatchus nygirlstyle giveaway
POS for my mom who beat breast cancer 8 years ago, i love you!
POS is epic!!! EMO_HAPPY clearly i love
NEU tegan and sara on pandora to easy my thoughts
NEU i can issue an extension so 2mrw maybe??
POS where's my love?-14and then bournemouth!!do you have a little space for me in your suitcase?i would love to come..but one day...
NEU (via sohh) dj khaled on his place in rap, "i'm like the la reid, the berry gordy of hip-hop" [audio]: def jam sout...
NEG rt : "if you think about shortages,you?re going to attract more shortage!" - wayne dyer
NEU thanks babe i try rt : that sucks you 1 hell of a lady mama. you hold up when most people find a reason to complain
POS off to make the q&a!!!
NEU i can't see tt from my phone...whats trending?
NEU can i get da follow
NEG rt rt : nationals staff: 50 runs, 67 hits, 12.82 era, 15 pitchers with 9.00+ era. march 6 is too soon to worry. but good god.
POS working on a new game:)
NEG rt : nick jonas punches his brother joe in the airplane yelling "its a grey sweater! get it right!" details on e!
NEU ?stepped-up surveillance technology may be tipping the scales in the cat-and-mouse game between spies and??
NEU tour around buenos aires city 2006
POS rt : shout! rt : rt : can we get a shout out for all brits supporting remember me and rob in the uk!!
POS watching rocketman. brings back a lot of good memories.
NEU hey follow me back at the keyboard
POS my nephew is so stinking cute!
NEU i've got to fine keyshia cole's "the way it is" cd.... feel like listening to it
NEU aw don't worry about it EMO_HAPPY i don't think you are though because i remember watching swac and telling my friend that too. EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud i am loving it all!!
NEU is that a mac bk. air i see in the pic?
NEU safe nath / a bike co.: we?d like to welcome safe nath to the uk a bike co team. check out his mutiny decked with ...
POS congrats to swimmers in gr. 1-5 at argenziano & swimmers in gr. 6-8 at the healey for winning their division in the city-wide swim meet!
NEU nowplaying how to disappear completely by radiohead
NEU rt : ok everyone. i just talked to the producer of qanda on the phone and fielding is still on. there are 6 panellists t ...
NEU justin bieber about oscars - - he damn the happy women's day!
POS i am so happy, sherlockholmes incredible soundtrack! glad to see others appreciated. now if it wins, crossing my fingers.
NEU about to lay down and watch espn as i think things over...
POS rt : find something upright, to pull up on!
NEU sameer nigam replied to sumit vohra (webmaster)'s discussion 'orientation dates of schools': sameer nigam replied ...
POS i wanna thank ma dad from when i was in trouble with the police...he helped me out of it
POS ifiwerealame i would be just like you......
NEG fml for being in the real world... going to work everyday is so over rated!!!! can't wait to get back on school medschool here i come laugh out loud
POS oh you already knoooow xp ha. but once im no longer infectious i'll make my way on down.
POS hailings to all my peeps top of the morning to yah
NEU rt : read between the words. because the most important things, are left unsaid and unheard. -unknown tls
NEU when i fall in love i take my time, there's no need to hurry when i'm making up my mind...
NEU assisti "american idol: the top 10 girls take the stage live" s9ep17 orangotag
POS rt if youre pretty excited bcause is just 15 day untill my world 2.0
NEU you are welcome..rt : terima kasih untuk teman-teman yang sudah menyebarkan informasi akun resmi
NEU rt : great piece on building community -- "online community building: gardening vs landscaping" via
POS happy hour becomes skinny hour, as well. no wonder she's so happy.
NEU 
POS well... off to my great day EMO_HAPPY
NEU demmi apa?rt : bahasa perancis 25 pg,15 essay
NEU rt how to quickly and easily peel a hard boiled egg
NEG so bored,waitin on my kiddos 2 get home from school. i'm still very sleepy but had ta get up.my sam & edwin stop by 2day good luck on house?
NEU home loan mortgage refinance ? getting a second mortgage | blogskid: you can still get a loan , no amount what you...
NEU rt : coming up, the politics of happiness: what role can the government play in citizen contentment? listen at noon
NEU what did we think of the oscar frocks?
POS *shrughs* i dont mind. just me & my bently, *laughs*
NEU dooney & bourke inspired handbag forsale
POS got the highest compliment today!
POS its not my fault that i am on top of my _daughtry news!! my twin sister is coming with me to the meet and greet not some werido!!thnks
NEU go to sheridan's on the docks too (upstairs)...
NEU rt : ?you can measure the depth of a person?s awakening by how they serve others.? ? kobo daishi????
NEU best t-shirt ever.
NEU ok job jobs okjobs tulsa oklahoma talent pool at allied barton security services (tulsa, ok)
POS i like giants. especially girl giants. cause all girls feel too big sometimes, regardless of their size.
NEU the best thing about 'quote... unquote' is the way that zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
NEU sitepronews: webmaster news & resources ? blog archive ? traffic ...
NEG the academy is unfortunately not in that business of time-tested awardsgiving; i cite as always sunset boulevard, 1950.
NEU new blog post: should you buy term life insurance and invest the rest?
NEU rt alternatively, you might prefer the steamed pasta served with a thai green sauce instead.
NEU sini pijat" hehehrt :
POS i'm a fan of short stack. that doesn't make me a slut.
NEU rt : _nito why do i think of you when i hear this song: just saw this tweet! why so?ha
NEU hi g..noy cancelled his trip to dvo..i thot makikita na namin si james yap.hehe
NEU because the manufacturers recognize that a rested parent is one who can enjoy the fact that the children are sleeping?
NEG defeat - i (2351) was beaten by ugma (1900) EMO_HAPPY
NEG says that you got pretzel stick legs ha and that you cant turn corners runnin to fast for ya own safety.isnt that right
POS any plans on coming back to atlanta? had a great time seeing and talking with you guys at the business last year
NEU bocadillo de chocolate, sal y aceite de oliva. feeling like i'm 7 again.
NEU rt : rt : sen. lieberman proposes legalizing bisexual behavior in the u.s. military can we vote o ...
NEG yeah, she's only 3 and she was like wtf!?!? haha. i took it off and she was fine.
POS phew, we can all relax now. according to this first gameplay footage from prince of persia: the forgotten sands...
NEG you lie it was dumb as shit! the only thing that was on was the hair and the makeup how you doin and the effects
NEU rt : wake me up, bid my blood to run. save me. save me from the nothing i've become.
POS cr/d/fail is going to be reday to go for april 15th registration!!!
POS rt : i'm really happy for you _bullshit and imma let you finish but precious was the best actress of all time... *really
POS next time someone answer "lol" to one of my message, i'll ask them "really, are you?"
NEU wishing the sun would shine until 8 pm like it does in the summer
NEU how to publish killer-website today even if you're frantic.
NEU rt : crazy heart oscar2010
NEU the result of my spray-painting craze: my latest for project wedding -->
POS sitting on the back porch grilling and staring off into the woods... nothing better.
NEU twitter proverb: "the bigger they are, the harder they are to retweet." (via _tips ) (via )
NEG i'm still here in aurora. and yes, we definitely don't deserve to wait!
NEG if it snows tomorrow, i'm staying in bed. screw that.
NEU rt free twitter followers!
POS and the week begins! hope its a good one! 7 more to go! EMO_HAPPY
NEG story of her life rt : james cameron's wife is looking very washed out and terrible
POS wet morning! i feel like dancing in the rain!!
NEG i am so mad at the upper marlboro court system for losing my community service papers. EMO_HAPPY freakin losers.
NEU get paid for taking surveys. this is my personal favorite list that pays me and i wanted to share them with you.
NEG hahaahaha! our cake looks like one big vomit pile and your little pieces of hair on it
NEG relationshiprules don't ever go thru my phone unless you paying tha bill
NEU !: to find out whether your ex-boyfriend still likes you - 10 ways to tell if he is still interested
NEU now playing: "minnie the moocher" from "the blues brothers complete [disc 2]" (the blues brothers)
NEU cont catholicism causes hike in death rate and over-population in africa. er wait a minute, that's what i told the tablet in 2008.
NEU 08.03. 20:47 uhr: these new puritans "three thousand"
POS successful outing today. had lunch by the beach in fernandina beach and then went shopping at tar... (via )
NEU rt
POS - i love green too. though, my taste buds are accustomed to jack. that apparently calls for a toast, le chaim. cheers!
NEU i didn't see hurt locker (surprise) but i'm glad she beat her ex. womanscorned
NEU _hearts north carolina where erin and bentley are
NEU i just took "really hard qui..." and got: he personally takes you to the hospital and gives you his number!!!!! try it:
NEU i just snapped a new picture:
NEG it's been awhile since i've tweeted. twitter, have you missed me?
NEG it looks like i wrote a whole freaking essay for a simple english assignment.
NEU just is! can't explain right now.
NEU fielding throws leviticus under the bus! qanda
NEU battle for tv remote commences during adds - a few dollars more in five, i know y
POS yea,though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death,i will fear no evil: for thou art with me. amen to that. EMO_HAPPY
NEU i bought the mac heist bundle. 7 top apps worth $260+ for just $20 and got 3 cool bonus apps free!
NEU oh! if you want to donate to haiti/chile relief: you can win an autographed copy of my book + a call with me. EMO_HAPPY
NEU read the follow up. so hot. from: 2 nsfw she imagines the orgasm as he joins in
NEG rt : ha! rt : mickey rourke is at home, yelling, "i made the exact same movie a year ago, you assholes." oscars
NEU japanese corporate bankruptcies decline for a seventh month: japanese corporate bankruptcies fell for a seventh mo...
NEU besides 6th street. idk? you"re at austin?
NEG i can't believe i somehow managed to ever draw things i was proud of on these things.
POS rt : mo'nique won best supporting actress ;)< omg!!!!!!! yesssssssssss! owww! so excited! yourock x
NEU computer repair by remote computer repairs | fix desktop problems
POS _jenny just wondering i cant believe hes on here i like him when he was on ss!
NEU come check out this mousepad in my zazzle store -
NEU support ibmlotusnotes, add a twibbon to your avatar now! -
POS i think working on your birthday should be illegal so imma start that movement today lol. woke up just to call in EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks!!! i am trying to make it memorable EMO_HAPPY you have a beautiful day as well!!!
NEU jeff bridges ganha ?scar de melhor actor: ...
NEU love da tip of my tongue song i play it 2 me gurl bt im single rite now
NEU wishing , ,& the very best of luck for the negotiation w/ the undp today. maaf bgt ya nggak bs ikut EMO_HAPPY
POS yay!! i can't wait to buy your songs :d
POS lol... i just need it in my life everyday. i hate "missing" someone
POS oscarshighlights: gabourey to gerard butler: i'd hit that!
POS this is perfect oh my god
NEU to a lesser extent..but she did do a few paramount films
NEG bored. doing my homework.
NEU younge street in toronto is closed at college to wellesley
NEU rt : 2 new pics of robert pattinson on the set of bel ami
NEU i only went in 4 10min... my skin feels nice & warm, bet i'm a little burnt tomorrow! it's gonna feel good!
NEU rt film 'i would love to have had a career like kate winslet's ? but the chance never came my way'what got you start... ht...
NEU "bubbles ' sweets event dishes up effervescent and unexpected desserts"
NEU aaa gue udh tidoer-_- lo sm siaapa?maafyapsss rt : td gue kerumah sepiiiii jadi gajadi manggil
NEU rt : sometimes love is addiction,sometimes it hurts like hell and sometimes you just can't get enough
POS rt : sandra bullock wins best actress. and she won the razzie yesterday!
NEU rt : new item: half roasted chicken in briche bread w/ fennel, onions, herbs, & jus happyincle
NEU that's like, your opinion man.
NEU tired but don't really wanna crash yet... i might pop in my classic flicc "paid n full" an watch that
POS rt : wow. rt
NEG hurt locker won bcuz avatar was 2 long and like a smerf love story
NEU i got my smokes. my life is complete. until i run out again.
POS rt : listen out to some new tunes this week, we added: darude, black eyed peas, & charice!
NEU ayo serbu beramai ramai. wkwkwk. kan nyepi dy mw ngacir k hotel, jd sblm itu, hrs qta rampok.
NEG you are so right...very sad they forgot her.
POS nah, they just know what you like (of at least they think they know EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : rt : next time you hear "that's how we always do it" say "today is not yesterday." ideas10
NEU ew district 9 looked gross. i thought that was the movie with the cute little big planet looking people oscars
NEU _loso don't put you are cavs in my celtics tweet big sexx sayy you know i'm wishy washy about them lol. i'll like thm 4 you tho,2day only laugh out loud j/k
POS i uploaded a youtube video -- my second youtube update ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
NEU other: server-banquets - denver marriott tech center (590656) - den...
POS says good morning everyone! have a nice day! EMO_HAPPY
NEU why is chrome the only browser showing growth?
NEU just performed a tweet calorie test and he burned 19.57kcal on the last 24 hours. try it yourself:
NEU you're welcome! i hope it will stop you having fic fail issues. there's nothing worse than losing stuff you've worked hard on!
NEU rt : do you wanna be in _slater 's music video? come to no escape wednesday! & _pseudo http//tinyurl.com ...
POS watching home improvement chillin wid the hubbi i love you jonathan miller!!!!
NEU aha, what was your lecture on
POS if love is just a word, then all my words are vain - man you rock! you are a gift from heaven!!!!!
NEU rt : nyt news alert: wabc is returned to broadcast for cablevision subscribers
NEU what to do if you if you suspect your identity has been stolen.
NEU free left over yard sale items (mount vernon): i have a bunch of clothes and nik naks sitting at curb.... free to ...
NEG _piinky aiqhtt dnt get carried way lil pickney
POS rt : the rolltop computer?a totally out-of-the-box design. wow!
NEU rt : are you a lone wolf or pack runner? running
NEU new post: what new jersey home insurance quotes cover you best? insurance
POS rt --> simple its called drivin home lol<
POS training update: michele and dani walked 3.5 miles on sunday!
NEU rt _nfl fells visits new england needforsports.com
NEG exactly she need grew up you know what he told me that she one day went to his house right and she was "mad" at me
NEU or you have fame and so many people care when you used the toilet and if you did a 1 or 2.
POS ifbiggiewashere who would you wanna see him collab with ? gangsta for life me say !!!
NEG ripbig when i die i wanna go to hell cuz i'm a piece of shit it aint hard to fucking tell
NEU temple grandin calls for "real change in the real world" (rt: ) autism asd
POS sent me to the camp. i overcame all da courses. now i'm geared up. polos with blue horses.
POS aw, congrats :)!
NEG rt : raiseurhandif you used to steal meat from the pot kmt i still do
NEU it is a beautiful day and its a shame that i am stuck working instead of our enjoying the weather but...
POS he love my b apples yess i'm talking bout boobs ; the thought of him sexing me make my pussy drool. . .
NEU new twitter marketing service changes things how we do business: and as any twitter user will tell you, twitter su...
NEU bout to eat this chicken sandwhich i just so happened to not eat earlier. thank the lord. imma watch the rest of this jessie ventura
NEU collective data announces new fleet management software options: the first of the three new modules released is ob...
NEG some of you insecure rappers might take "standing on it" the wrong way! oh well! come down to bbc march 12th for the album release party!
NEU one place like that jo rt : where you are two left legs don carry you go nw rt : i'm outta town...
POS packing. texting my amazing boyfriend and all my st louis peeps
NEU no scrap party: revisado: weekly gratitude 10
NEG jessechat hi jesse. is it easy to walk for example in the park? i think it's hard, when everybody know you and watch each you step.
NEU get exclusive access to download the world premiere of hd music video "rocket skates"
NEU dit lijkt een serieus goed product van microsoft!
POS content thyself to live obscurely good. ~ joseph addison
NEU lat mobile site has a lot of broken links and only pieces of articles. i like the layout better than nyt, but gray lady easier to read
POS thanks again for everyone who came out to support us and, most especially, our friend hayley payne last saturday!...
POS i love yous so much . please follow me EMO_HAPPY
NEG _inabun nd you been callin me outta my name so that's wat tha fuck you got backk.. ,,
NEU leasing mona and a strangenest in her smile, do you smile to tempt a loverr morning pizzzaaaaa, or is this your way to have me carmels noww
POS converting at 1 in 14 hops $1.37 epc to affiliates - must see!!!
POS hahahah rt : allloooo buuuddddzzzzz... EMO_HAPPY rt : rt : semua! autumn leaves, (cont)
POS will b tough rt _lil_red think _dig is my new best friends forever been spending a lot of time 2gether lately! she'll miss me when i'm on vacation
NEU 1 million or be 10 years younger...which would you choose? and i discuss this at 942p on ! your thoughts? rt!
NEU harus follow mereka timeline lo baka seru bgt, yg gak follow rugi weeey. follow mrk skrg, follow gue jg ya tweps
NEG i don't see myself going super far in dance or the fashion industry. people tell me i eat too much. and i'm not giving up food!
NEU i saw harry markopoulus, who called the madoff ponzi scheme 8 yrs ago (smdh), speaking before congress. now, he's on thedailyshow and pissed!
NEU kkingevan .net ill get back 2 you when i get home from school. and i dont have apbnw account
NEG that movie was crazy!!! depressing an action!!!!
NEU who wants to loan me 90,000?
POS so early.. but i don't mind because it feels hella good that i don't have to go to work today.. yay
NEU - me and ubereem. his arm is big as my head!
POS lmfao, yeah i know.
NEU 
NEU poway: pusd to send layoff notices, appeal 'god banner'... -
NEU salon paradisus in the little baguio area. they need to tell their stylists to kinda stuff it lol. laugh out loud laugh out loud bastos e
POS rt _winds: thank you for"hello"
NEG i love the countryside and its disappearing fast!!! our indigenous animals and creatures have lost their natural habitats because of man!
POS what a beautiful day !!! clean bathroom clean bathroom!!
NEU you may be rather subdued now as you settle into a steady pace... more for taurus
NEU jobs accounting residential conveyancing solicitor/filex: southern-hampshire, residential conveyancing legal... uk
POS i have some free time tomorrow and friday so imma try and get the sj video and things sorted, too. :d
NEU much uncertainty still surrounding the business of the environment...
NEU photos and podcast interview with jamesmarsters on his first appearance on caprica at
NEU - omfg!
NEU since when did you listen to the missus?
POS thanks to everyone who participated in the webchat. we really enjoyed your suggestions, and will do another one soon!
NEU you can teach an old dog new tricks, house training <<-- check out my blog -->>
NEU i was asked to join 10 yrs ago... but before that i sent applications everywhere - and i literally mean everywhere!
NEG EMO_HAPPY oh no! EMO_HAPPY god.. EMO_HAPPY little layla! rt : layla went to play with the angels early this morning. rest (cont)
NEU why is the computer always slow when you need it to be fast?
POS omfg that's amazing. i cannot believe that. stop right there
POS just loved the morning benders - excuses on
POS it'd be awesome to sit in the passenger seat of a car for once.
NEG this boy isn't wearing shoes again. i know its a recession but come on shoes are a necessity.
POS picked up oil this weekend, today i'm anointing my feet & asking our heavenly father to "order my steps"...anoint yourself today, be blessed
POS biggie biggie biggie cant you see.. i love that song ripbig EMO_HAPPY but its still west coast tho !
POS ahhhh, my gum stings. i have no idea how i cut it EMO_HAPPY /via ... i've heard sucking on toes can cause this. EMO_HAPPY just kidding
NEU perguntem senhoras e senhores EMO_HAPPY
NEU learn how to make money from home today!: so if you have it in you, you can start to make money from home instantl...
NEG rt : lesson: don't abuse your friends with toxic mean-spirited words and expect them to consider it constructive criticism.
POS i am sooo happy that my seatmate found my phone, and he gave it to my professor. thank you thank you thank you with all my heart! EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
NEU spitzer madam kristin davis busts into new york governor's race: davis backs gay marriage but also opposes gun con...
NEU will check it out. any of the aggregators more authoriative? one thing variety had was authority. again, thanks (btw, blog link?)
NEU we got the latest on campaign for hemel hempstead at
POS funny!!! worth watching, japanese guys can be funny...
NEU on the road bumpin that cd as i tweet rt nowplaying jamie foxx .... 3 letter word
POS tonkatsu with illahe viognier...yum.
POS "if the light's red , you're gonna hit the dirt roads." lmfao epic .
POS i do produce for other people too, but at the mo am booked up for a few months (just saw you are old msg EMO_HAPPY x
NEU this was the best affiliate program i had ever seen !!
POS yeah it was awesome he is an amazing performer for sure! and just always takes time for his fans too..what a sweetheart.
NEU xavier-temple wbb championship game was very close yesterday......and low scoring! x is the automatic qualifier... temple will be at-large
NEU on my way to "my store" and i think i jus saw the makin of a good outfit for my pookies shoes...
POS -seriously it was awesome
NEU via pay it forward? cooperative behaviour spreads through a group, but so does cheating
POS it's another beautiful! i hope all of you appreciate today as much as i will!
POS rt : pandas like to watch porn movies of other pandas having sex. panda porn has been successfully used to encourage pandas in captivity to mate.
NEU rt : justin bieber was in town this morning and is in philly right now, he will be back in dc this summer..
POS lmfaoooo dead @ unforgivable being the name of diddys cologne aka ciroc disguised as cologne
NEU the indypendent ? interview: chomsky post-earthquake: aid should go to haitian popular organizations, not to contr-...-
NEU learning about butter today from and _atkins
POS i like this: genuine, poetic expressions of connection, healing and hope.
NEU mycouponbliss review: coupondede.com coupon service
NEU ???????????????????????????(????shall we tmiyagi?? 2007?)
NEU coming up short
NEU recipes for health: greens and mushroom panini: when you blanch the greens, these panini make for a quick and wond...
NEU gallery: the 16 worst (and 1 best) family portraits ever
POS fashooo besides i don't drink much. i just get giggly and more flirty laugh out loud
POS following you via . looking forward to your tweets!
NEG i'm starting to worry that my brain is abandoning me... i'm showing signs of typing dyslexia. reading: normal. writing: fkcued up. yo... oy!
NEU onascalefrom 1 to justin bieber, how many crazy teens have you banged
POS my daughter watches your show with me and said your were pretty. EMO_HAPPY ( mylifeasliz live at
NEG _rays are you jocking that's what he said. wow even its true don't come out in the papers. this guy could be trouble.
NEU makanya cari pacar cint,biar bibirnya go ahead  kering ;p rt : duhh mimisan+bibir brdarah... --"
NEG and all plugs and ports are on the sides, none at the back..why? why? why laptop designers, why? maketh no sense to me.
NEG rt : i just got my first official speeding ticket. go me, 5 years ive had a clean record, not anymore folks!
NEG rt : you gotta make cuts every now & then. everyones not meant to be on ya team. my eyes are always wide open.
NEU "get 10% off from simply supplements" @ grabvouchercodes.co.uk -
POS follows, follows! if you need followers fast then you have got to see this site! it's completely automated.
NEU rt : top secret: the battle for the pentagon papers, opens in nyc; pine, bryggman, strauss and more star - playbill.com:
NEU computer slow you down? fix it at no cost by getting your free ebook "slow computer fix v1.0" visit link!
NEU crga info: cryptologic licenses top betting games to betsson
POS i've never been to a party either. it'll be fun
NEU no worries, just find numbers are more useful if you know the hows and whys.
NEU "coz im about to give you away for someone else today"
NEU rt justin nozuka playing invite-only show in toronto friday. rt this if you want to win 2 tix. i'll pick the winner :30 pm
POS thank you lord for the delicious breakfast and coffee you have blessed me with, i am truly greatful
POS rt : rt special day! apple contacted us to praise our paulo coelho app! please rt. thank you!
NEU ya, 3-5 mb/s over the air with burstable up to 10 mb/s. that is close to the speed of base cable in columbus.
POS yup. great for and rest of the crew rt : love that washington times also in top 10 apse.....
NEG the surprising thing about young fools is how many survive to
NEU my lil page here
NEU what is the worst that can happen? you either ignore this or you make a bit of money. you chose ! chose wisely ...
NEG bored, well you can always visit the blog-murmurings of at
NEU we are not limited to just the homeless but that is one of the many target populations in which we serve
NEG im reeeeallly bored. anyone gonna talk?
NEG never by tea at schiphol airport, it's expensive and you get a lousy cup of tea!
POS i am so happy that you are going to be on my favourite show. when gl ended i was like: "y&r needs to scoop up those fab actors!"
NEU 101 famous gourmet new mexico chili recipes.
NEU yoo whats good mang,son i need my shyt permed on thursday,pleasee cant go 2 a/c wit my hair lookin like ground beef
POS minnor one's first day in my pre, but i ragged many, in my pre & in my degree :d
NEU edwards paints nascar into disciplinary corner | salisbury, nc ...: determined to give drivers more leeway this se...
NEU utah considers changes to motor vehicle insurance coverage, liability
NEU new blog post: the new funambol phone sniper program
POS yeap....*sings* wipe outtttttt, don nun nun nun nun nunna nunt. lol, we sure would.
POS 30 seconds to mars tomarrow EMO_HAPPY niiice
POS rt _diva: i like my babe's tat there...."great minds think alike"<--yea its nice make me wanna get another
NEU everything you ever wanted to know about symptoms, treatments, and the latest news for bipolar disorder. bipolar
NEU ultratechhost - managed german/luxembourg offshore vps powered by ...: legal adult link hosting * youtube clone hos...
NEU rt : you can say what is the name of the song of the 8-bit rebellion?
NEU 'hypnotize' seemingly ordinary people to follow you simply because you have an attractable presence they're addicted too
NEU rt zipjs: js implementation of the zip file format by
NEU rt : my top 5 favorite mc's of all time..pac, nas, biggie, redman, styles p..<
NEG i see some tt i wanna go in on but i don't got no time to chat. i gotta go be a somebody's slave right now.
NEU so far, i'm seeing the opposite of what you're saying.
NEU rt i'm yours w/ hearts ladies camisole
POS rt : if you fall, get up!, if you're going through difficult situation don't stop! allow it to bring the best out of you!
NEG i'm giving my 2 japanese chins a bath today. maybe i'll get a pic of them wet. they do look miserable when wet.
NEU t-mobile usa says they ditched yahoo for google because consumers demanded it
