NEU hey witch wat cha been up too
NEG i was thinking... everyone is allways saying that they want racism to end and that all racist should burn in hell or something along that nature yet has anyone stopped to think that maybe people who are racist also want racism to end, they're just acting on there idea's instead of sitting on their a**'s all day. just a thought. i thought it was kind of ironic once i stopped to think about it.its realy kind of funny when you stop to think about it yourself
POS oh my god my son has the same b-day as you laugh out loud
NEU hey whats up i havent talked to you in like forever
POS hey kevin hope you are good and well miss ya dude
POS sup greg....how you been?... how..s the family?.....say hi to everyone for m, pleeez....o yea and can you tell my dee dee dee brother to add me to his friends or to at least pimp his profile up....and tell not to use excuses....thanx ----- ----- ----- lates ese
NEU my churchland homey waht it do
POS hey sis,, great job on your profile,,bet you cant wait to be a ggiltf,,,(laughing) annie told me to say that.
POS yeah, we should totally enter the nag's like that, then we should dance like this!
NEG so every body knows this page is screwedd up and we cant get on to it so if you are trying to save wait until she gets another page.
POS hey you have two friends!!
POS hey sexy man i was just missing you and wanted to sat hi! can't wait till friday to get you drunk and take advantage!!!
POS hey mom, how are you? we are great. i just thought that i would stop in and say hi... ----- love ya ----- gena
NEG ya a regret giving my old z up. i just couldnt aford four quads. of course that oic was taken before the race series. ater the series it looked like shit!!
POS wazz up prima ----- damn its been a good while that i dont see you ----- well i just want 2 let you know im still here ----- and that i miss you and i hope 2 see you soon ----- ----- ? & respect l.a.: dr3am3er
POS i do indeed hehe!! dnt c her as much as i used to tho cos shes with her new boyfriend aw th time EMO_HAPPY a miss her!! laugh out loud you stil goin bout wi neil n th missus?? love yooooooooo xoxoxoxoxox
POS eric........ ----- where have you been? i have needed some cousin time!! call me sometime soon. not today..i know that it's ohio state and michigan today so maybe tomorrow.
POS congratulations!!! i am so happy for you and you are going to be an amazing dad!! can you believe it, daddy... wow.. please tell her mom congratulations too. ----- she is beautiful, ----- amy
POS hey gurlie, just wanted 2 stop by and say hi how have you been? ----- lisa (d's girl)
NEG wut the hell you doin online at 3 am? o yea man isnt your bday today? or was it a few days ago? or like a week ago. fuck it, what am i talkin about, im lost.
POS prayers going out to all the soldiers today. may god keep you all safe over there.
NEU sup vinson
POS i've been going to school and working my butt off. i am glad to know that you are doing ok. much luv! ----- ~swee' pea~
POS hey hey its will from school. ----- ----- hows? uni hope you are enjoyin it 6th forms pretty cool but can't wait to go to uni if i go!!!! ----- ----- much love
NEU sorry. lol. it'll be okay
POS hey!!!!!!!!! ive been trying to get ahold of you.......so what's new?!
POS hey boo boo thanks for add me. ----- wot it the usa like?
POS hey girl!!! i have not seen you in along time. how are you and the baby.come see me i live in town..
POS happy birthday chris...now go get trashed!
NEG i'll try if i can get a sitter.i'll let you know
POS why thank you hans!
NEG dnt b a hater cuz we need some dick! and the toys aint wk n!!!
NEU im goin 2 christopher friday. ----- ----- to the game && stuf. ----- ----- talk to me. ----- ----- ----- ----- ?
POS hi tim! been to the shit co (aka the fish co) recently??? ahh the good drunk nights at fish co.... how can you go wrong?? haha.... ----- ~r
POS wow the space is actually looking like a space lol! how many girls you got harrassing you about your muscles! laugh out loud dork!
POS just dropping in to say hello.
POS hey craig how are things going there in texas i herd that you want to move here to arizona tell shana we said hi to her
POS happy holidays! hope you have a great new year as well!!!
POS yeaaaaaaaaah me edga baby here how the hell ya been...we do gaaabage soooonnsss
POS love your pics! ----- thanks for the add!! ----- EMO_HAPPY
NEU imhouwant4life89
POS i just stopped to say say i love you!!!!
POS you should watch us play on the 26th if your still in town. we play a team from north carolina
NEU how you been you nasty boy laugh out loud
POS hooters. haha.
POS wat it do baby boo laugh my ass off hey man where have you been?
NEG hey honey what the hell you been doin...i aint seen you in a min...where the hell you been....so what you doin this weekend...dam i see you all in love and shyt when did this happen you just dont let me know shyt no more do you...now when we was in parkside yo ass couldnt wait to tell me shyt i see how you doin it... but do you boo...well my nigga get at me***keshia***
NEG what's up with that boy carson?
NEG next time i see you im whoopin' your country ass, hillbilly!
POS i heart you too
POS laugh out loud yea ill be there go on hol 4days later cant wait! x
POS what it do man........holla at ya boy!
POS hiiii ----- i love you ----- bothhhh ----- muchoo.
POS things are good thanks - wow emma blast from the past!
POS um, thanks for the add. want to tell me a little more about yourself?
POS not yet, charlie wont be done with her solo ensamble in time to go with us and she said she has a responsibility to her choir team to be there, and not at the race... i'm so proud... anyway, her friend, stephanie's mom said she can probably just pick her up with stephanie and let her stay the weekend and go to school with her... she rides the same bus so it would be conveint... she said she had to check a few things out on her schedual but would get back in touch with me soon... i'll keep ya updated, its still a month away... a lot can change...
POS hey thats awesome congratulations where are you getting married at? oh and im really sorry to tell you this but i lost your phone number again so could you please give it to me again?
POS yeayea! you too jundo! EMO_HAPPY
POS josh whats up my home skillet haha:) to set up a myspae background you need to set up pics on photoshop and then shift them into a code. then use a myspace layout to make a background.
POS hey there! thanks for the compliment! how is everything? you're display pic looks awesome! i like your hair!
NEG did you forget what we have?
POS hello there, ----- ----- we thank you kindly for accepting our invite. ----- ----- much appreciated!! ----- ----- regards, ----- s.i.g.h.t.unit
POS i know it cus... love ya.... call me some time
POS hey 'liss.. ----- ----- maybe you should run away to maryville! EMO_HAPPY then we can partay like rawk stars! haha
POS haha yeaaaaaaaaaaaaa
POS i have free internet!!!! laugh out loud -----
NEG yeah im worried too...i have two other classes that are at the same time as organic that i have to take to graduate so im really worried!
NEG aw big shame laugh out loud ----- i haven't been up 2 much really ----- jus went 2 oceana havent been sooo bored in my life saw some mates so thats all cool. hope your well speek soon xxx
POS waz gud tho!!?? how you been?
POS hey thanks for the add. dont be a stranger=)
NEU to honor!
POS hey lan!!!!! things are good!!! i loved the comment you left me....nice pic!!!
NEG would you please get a picture on here?
POS hey so what have you been up to?
POS hi ali - managed to get this myspace working now and thought id leave you a wee message! how do you get you are backdrop pink? miss you! xxx
POS happy birthday to you...happy birthday to you...happy birthdaaay grreegg...happy birthday to you!!! im singing to ya if you couldn't tell...:->
NEG 3 days off! bastardo! im at work today EMO_HAPPY
POS definitely not dread the b chord! haha
NEG take me to jail drop my soap shut the fuck up man lol.
POS hey mike!!!
POS hey girl i haven't heard from you in a while so i thought i'd stop in to see what was up?
POS happy birthday
NEU ok ya for sure i just have to ask oh k?
NEU wow, it's been along time since this page has been updated, don't worry all i will get on it soon!! i've just been real busy lately, but now that things should calm down some i should have more time!!!
POS hey thanks for the add beautiful. have a great summer. alright peace
POS hey thanks for da request...do i no u??
POS what's up? long time no see. it's not everyday you come across somebody who knows where peyton is.
POS love you
POS .. i h0p3 s0 2 l0l wat ar3 yall g0iing 2 lata..
POS happy birthday on sunday! you're a class act..........
NEU yo matt what up.. long time man, we need to chill soon
POS hi donna+alex how are you two on this fine evening. what are your plans?? anything romantic or a few films by trhe bedside? xx
POS hahahaha legend! ahhh blackadder and the 6hour war film will look very goood on that i bet! ----- i will be up soon to test out the new hd tv hahaha ----- mmmm capri sum and the stak and kidney pie! ----- xxx
NEU oh, you know.. good things. ----- i like to keep confidentiality ----- with the fam, you know laugh out loud ----- sors bro
NEU blank comment?? whats up with that? laugh out loud
POS happy birthday!
POS hey bro, i seen that you have the buffalo skull drawing that i did erase that one and put the one that i have in my pics it looks much better and you can see the details, later dj
NEU hey whats up dogg
NEU so i dont think i know you, but you probably saw my myspace and figured that i was one studly mf, and then you added me becasue you happen to have a crush on me. am i right? its cool.
POS laugh out loud hows it going out in misery err... missouri... seen any tornadoes lately? anyways, hope all is good ----- ----- chat you later, ----- ----- nate
POS thank god for myspace! laugh out loud kidding, how have you been?
POS hi,im jessica. ----- EMO_HAPPY ----- how are you doing?
POS no problem! damn dats whats really good.. i wanna lose some wieght too! so ima try it out ! thanks k.i.t n oh yeah don't let you are boss caught u!! laugh out loud
POS becky olives is my bestest friend forever! i love you becky!!! jello shots schmello shots
POS i like your picture
POS yo, next time your on ts, im me on aim so i can get on and chill with ya
POS happy birthday bro
NEG fuck you man.
POS alrite buddy. ----- you lot gunna b out in town on thursday? think theres quite alot of people goin out, shud b gd. seems a while since we were out with you lot.
POS dude its been forever how you doin? what you been up to?
NEU little girl
POS wats up tyler?? you got 2 listin 2 the song on my pro, it makes fun of soulja boy in a hardcore verson..its awsome
NEU hey, just letting you know this is not the official mr. shy page, sorry! (blame myspace!!;)) ----- ----- ----- add-request me at my official page below, and i'll accept you there... and then delete this page, thx!! ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- also join my myspace fan page, where you'll get extra info and updates regularly: ----- ----- ----- ----- -----
POS hey can you believe this im in england
NEG things are pretty good here. crazy busy mike works everysaturday and i work everyother. so we are really busy i am still doing a college class. i dont think we will be down any time soon just way to much happening in our lives right now.
NEU noo forreal haha i dont have backround girls. thats mean ----- i have girls i thnnk arehot and if things go bad they are theree hahaha
POS i wanna know you, your insecurities ----- secrets and your needs ----- i want your mental and your physical too ----- and once i've got it i won't stop ----- until you know you're beautiful ----- ----- ~dorian~
POS just thought i would drop by and say happy christmas merry new year laugh out loud take care
POS hey get ahold of me please, i have some things to discuss with ya! love ya!
POS honey i'm so happy to be carrying your first baby.... i just can't wait until we found out how far along we are... i hope all goes well and we have no problems with this pregnancy......... i love you eternity, infinity, and beyond...... ----- ----- tisha
NEG whatever i do not hate on people and i was not giving you a mean face. yall were just being stupid and i was givng you a "your wierd" face! but you two are funny though.
NEU whats up...thanx for the add! how have things been.. ----- my bad at the speedway ----- i was ----- on the phone conducting business..lol i didnt even see you come in ----- and i was already late for work =/. but yeah get back at me!
POS zomg it's anthony! EMO_HAPPY the hair style on your pic, it's so you =p
POS hey there, ----- it was really nice to see you guys again. we should do it more often!! hope to see everyone soon! ----- ~ashley
POS yes it has. how are you doing? we are doing good. chad is back out to sea until november!! gotta love the navy!! well, hope you are doing well. good to hear from ya...keep in touch!
POS hey hun thanks for the add hope your well and spk soon xxxx
NEG acdc why did you have to blow ken's cover?
POS enjoy your pizza???
POS thanks for the add.
POS thanks for the add EMO_HAPPY
NEG im bleeding rectally ----- xxx
POS good lad ill be in top form today mate im not hungover hope your the same laugh out loud
POS wassup john how you been im jus cummin thru 2 sho sum lubb
POS my babyshower is oct.2oth ima give you an invitation next week so you betta start shopping trick
POS it's about time you gave into the world of mysapce. so how's everything going?? are you and jess coming up for the wedding?? well see ya later. ----- ----- peace.
POS thank you! ----- ----- EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud havent gotten it yet, i think im going today..sounds good though.
POS have fun in vegas...
POS heyy loser. EMO_HAPPY ----- dont you think your cool now. ----- since you have a myspace. ----- yeahh dont you?!?!?!?! ----- well you are very cool now. ----- because myspace is freakin' cool! ----- ok well love you uncle loser.
POS happy birthday cousin!!! enjoy your day to the fullest. may god bless and keep you and guide you each and everyday. take care and have fun! love, silvy
POS whats up my big bro!! ----- what you doin
POS hey catherine what ya up too well me nothin much tryna pass my classes but i love avinger so much
NEU hey joe.. hows it been going.. -----
POS hi dobbie! ooo this is the magazine thing i've been hearing about! cool!! if only i lived in glasgow! haha! a doi de doi de doi de doi! EMO_HAPPY hope alls great with u! EMO_HAPPY
POS was up homie...im chillin..u?...well cmb ----- peace ----- ~hector~
POS happy birthday staz!
POS miss you lover!
NEU who's that girl?
POS did you see the baby EMO_HAPPY ----- she is so cute. how is everything with you. been a while
POS happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!
POS how you doin' baby i love u........ the incredible mutha fuckin black
POS you are by far the most amazing and wonderful woman i have ever met! i love you with all of my heart and soul ashley!!!!!!
POS nah huy its the knuckle head crew lol, hope yo arm gets betta soon
POS whats up girl!! its been a long long time! how have you been?
NEU you suck laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY telling my the ending or close to the ending of gatsby >.< i passed my two test hehe 10 out of 12 and 8 out of 10 on vocab >.< kinda bad oh well you still owe me vday dinner >:[ flying elephant is hungry.. i dotn think i want to be an elephant maybe something cutier =d
POS whatsup? ----- thanks for adding me!<3
POS yo homeslice!! just leavin some love on your page. ill talk to you later  love peace and chicken grease holla *joelle*
POS hey other samantha (ha-ha)that is so true, i guess that is why i can't forget you. thanks for being a true friend.
POS whats up shorty cant wait till friday so i can pick on you laugh out loud
POS how are you hun ----- will w/m/b love you alot ----- b&b margie
POS o, definitely, definitely, definitely!! yea...definitely...
POS hey babe why dont you put picz of u...i wanna see you are cute face again!!!
NEG you cassie freak
POS not bad thanks. ----- ----- in that case, fancy going to see him in august with me? it is in london but rents are prob going to go up too and go out some place else laugh out loud its like £17.50 which i think is a bargain personally EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- get back to me lovely ----- ----- love love ----- ----- ox
POS alright guys i know everyones been asking and i hadn't made up my mind yet til now.. so here's the scoop! i'm gonna celebrate my b-day saturday the 14th @ glass.. so please help me spread the word. i only have a week to get the word out to everybody, but with everyones help we should have a great turn out.. last year we had an awesome turnout, so lets make this years b-day/reunion party bigger than last years.. i'm counting on you guys to let everyone know about my official b-day/reunion party! don't miss out on hanging with all our peeps under one roof! ----- ----- in the next day or so i should have some more details for everyone.. but start spreading the word! ----- ----- orly..
POS tell na,i said happy birthday!!!!!!!
POS ya it was under warranty so it was free! and i already got everything back on it it was all saved on my computer so its all good to go!
POS damn bro, happy belated birthday!!! ----- ----- hehe, but yea hope you didnt party to gard and grats on hittin 16 EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- peace out roids, ----- ----- ~matt~
NEU hi bry, im still at school doing a research project.
NEG i just got tired of all the shit. no support, no money, no leadership. so i quit. i spent 12 years at that place, and not one person has said thank you or even f-k off since i left. it is all good though, things are going great, and it would have been foolish of me to stay amy longer. that place has nothing going for it anymore, and i don't want to be associated with it.
POS my hero!!! EMO_HAPPY
POS hope you are having a killers summer so far twin.......miss ya lots
NEU campin in flag on the 13th!! bring the bike budday!! lemme know. try responding for once eh?
POS were going out tonight, you wanna go? let me know, call me, k?!
POS hi dave, ----- all is well here by the river! ----- just spoke to jesss this morning and she is getting prepared for a halloween party in edinburgh.... ----- cannot think of a better city than ed to do that....very gothic with castles and cobbled streets etc (very jess hey) ----- lisa has just got a new job in london and is working for the management company that handles mark knopfler.... ----- money for nothin' and your chicks for free....etc ----- james is at newcastle uni and having a ball....which means getting pissed most nights, i think! ----- anyway dave,.....keep well
POS hello mr, lovely wig i think it should be a permanent fixture! hope all is well and dandy!xx
POS hey ryan, ----- i heard you might be getting a bike thats sweet. well good luck in your search. ----- ~trish
NEU I don't know  what do you mean.
NEG hey, did you have a good party?? sorry i couldnt go, my parents are nobbers sometimes n wouldnt pick me up EMO_HAPPY xxx
NEU shoot i guess when ever i get a chance. all the damn rodeos got me goin a bunch. i'll make it down there before to long.
NEG girl, go do something with ya life.
POS thanks 4 da add. can you comment my pics?
POS yo, we gonna listen to dem tapes dis weekend fake money. ya know, crew 2001 like 1999. itt tech and all dat! sloppy, bj, big daddy long shlong, mex, dui till you die or me first. ----- get dem 40 so you can $ it!
POS okay well at least it was useful!
POS happy birthday EMO_HAPPY
NEU your girlfriend would be even cooler if she would just let us cuddle...i mean she gets really irrate about sharin...but who could blame her when she has such a (cute) hardcore rocker boyfriend.......
POS yay you are only friend and 1st comment i feel so special
NEG preciate dat cuz...i'an been doin nun but dis music shit...grindin harder than a muthafucka...it's payin off doe...
POS hey who is that hott old man in the picture? man i hope i look as good as he does when im that old...
POS hi thanks for the lil add.........i take it you know my best friends forever sammi............yeah she rocks!
POS hello baby ----- im so glad where still together ----- just wanted to show you some love ----- ----- love stephanie
POS uhhh why am i not in your top whatever??? ----- i think i should be in it. ----- and how do you know adrienne the indian freshman?
NEG "kim is highly aggitated for no particular reason" ----- ----- ...of course you are, you work with mike. ----- ----- miss you!
NEU hey are yall going to the bash this year ?
POS i love you!!!!
NEU whats up with the name ginger and fransic hehe no offense brad but really what is??? ----- its kinda streange but oh well that is like you so nevermind... ----- where you at the library hehe that is for little kids not big kids like you guys!! ----- brittany your little sister ----- (im little so i can go to the library)
NEG i hate liars and bitchassness, too!
POS thanks for adding me... xoxoxoxo... ----- ----- love always, ----- miss phoebe
NEG are we having fun
POS hey thinks for visting my myspace and requesting to be my friend hit me up when you see it leave me a message
NEG yeh t tickets didnt really happen.. ----- did you go to bled or anywhere exciting like that?! i want sunshine now - feb was miserable, time for daffodils
NEU nah its more like bbbooooooommm
POS hey sexy im at work, i just wanted to say have fun shopping...love ya -----
POS oh no...your song is broken! ----- happy birthday bitch! ----- love ya!
POS it would be great to play togther again because knowing we have played together pretty much our whole football careers is gunna be hard to leave. im proud of you tho john im glad your having great success ill be here for you if you need me man. and sorry for this sympathetic stuff but im glad your my friend my man.
NEU hey mai why are'nt you on aim?
NEU mary ----- i ? you!! ----- ----- im jus a tad bit bored ----- laugh out loud ----- so hows summer treating you?? ----- ----- ???
NEG i am ill!!! with something called labrynthitus!! ----- ----- inner ear is fucked!! ----- ----- cant stand up without falling over!!!!!!! ----- ----- ----- x
NEG trying to graduate on time and get the hell out of here so i can start a life of my own.
POS my life is complete. chad is my myspace friend.woo hoo!
POS welcome aboard matey - see you saturday? for a bit of fighting?
POS im good....... you?
POS yay! i am so glad you are free to roam again. EMO_HAPPY
NEG yes whats up you half black son of a gun you
POS hey dude!!!!!!!!! you need to call me so we can have band practice. rock on dude!!!!!!!!!
NEG wats up biatch.....u like tha movie
NEG sup bitches. ----- ----- ----- auto-robotic asphyxiation
POS happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday dear popssss happy birthday to you! ----- ----- umm.. i think i deserve to be on your top!! ----- ----- love you, ----- sierra
NEU thanks, i will be back somewhere around that day too because shawn and i have a wedding to go too.... i have 4 weddings in aug to go too this year.... im goin to be so poor.... i need to find a job out in cali... okay ill talk to ya later, bye
POS hey maribel!!!how have you been?
POS ya i miss you to. laugh out loud
NEU so how was you are weekend? i hope yall liked the game i did and didnt laugh out loud -----
NEU hummm water edge, well im not sure what the place is called but my buddy kenny and my friend wendy both live on hiatus. so i'm not sure where....what color are the places that you live in??
POS o my fucking god!!!ha,ha,ha!oh god!!!! ----- =d
NEU thats good. thats how yu gitta do it now days fa yu g3t in troubl3.
POS hah i feel loved i am on you are tops..=)
NEU alright savy! got a few pictures ere for you mate, sorry i got distracted the other night man. must see you guys soon for a few. i can send you them pictures over msn if you want to grab my email from our page!
NEU laugh out loud doin good! kinda tired though from track.
POS aye congrats on da new born my nigga
NEG jim doesn't get pissed off- why you mad?
NEU hell yeah you know it.
NEU is that truck worth havin? shoot
NEG nigga henna! wuts tha mutha fuckin deal cuz? i havnt seen you are punk ass in a few mins man! fuckin holla boi bitch! ----- ----- twankie
NEG sox/yankees you take yanks?!?! ----- ----- are you kiddin me?
POS hey love you are so cute in those pics.... message me back!
POS hey hun how have you been
POS hello new fwend :d
POS happy birthday b-e-n!
POS look at that lee top of your leaderboard, oh yeah and im probs the person that know you least. sorry didnt get hold of you left my phone in my dads car. but ill catch ya on monday buddy. much love xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
POS um you a offie 4 real nick! haha naw im just playin...u know you are sexy as hell lol...
POS hey tiffany welcome to myspace. i seen that nobody sent you ne coments so i figured i would send you one. hit me back maybe we can do sometime yah know. well ill talk to you later  bye earl
NEU wood lake?
NEU how do i add a pic to my background?
NEU it runs?? but i rolled a bearing in it.im also doin some high po work to it
NEU ----- just to warn you for liability reasons, please read this article.
NEU ay whats up bro?
NEU who?
NEU did the strom hit in your town?
POS love you EMO_HAPPY
POS steve--ooo whats up man -----
POS heyy!!! ----- thanks for the add! ----- ?kristin
POS yay...i can read your profile!!! laugh out loud terri, i know you wont get this for like 10 friggin years, but i love you and thanks for being there for me when i need you the most!! you're a wonderful mother-in-law! i couldn't ask for anything more!
POS happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!! ----- brittoni ----- a*k*a ----- tha ***all$tar***
NEG think you were off from work enough this week?
NEU laugh out loud ----- soo wut ----- =p ----- ----- we finally finished the floors.. ----- thank god..
POS hey boii!!! havent talk to ya in amin!! whats good with you?? well im jus commin by showin my prescious love
POS i love being your myspace friend!
POS hey yall i miss yall to im hoping to come home soon show-mei has my dates wean ill be back in the states i cant say right now laugh out loud all the clissified stuff and all laugh out loud but ill keep in touch and tell everyone i miss them alot and good luck hunting this year
NEU hows the grind comming?
POS a big dave whts krakkking man its ceen a long a$$ tyme since i seen you .how have youu ceen .how is skool man ......i live out here in mizzouri still going to skool....well its good to c you on dis shit...good luck and jah bless...
POS kieron ----- you blaits think my space is amazin..:d ----- loveuu x
POS lol, i feel you ----- ay, if you get a chance listen to da original of that theme song, you can hear how much i had to chop and flip it to get it rite for da beat
POS aaaaaay bitch.........lol naw wassup baby yo page is alright it aint all dat nigga but yea change that pic got yo big ass head in the hole pic no back ground..... but yeah ya nigga gettin ghost im out i love u............
NEU whats up with the falcons
NEU yes simon ----- ----- a punk bitch slap ----- ----- and thanks mate EMO_HAPPY
POS hey bab, we really need to sort somethin 4 valentines so please stop bein a big gimp! 8 days till im home, love you xxxxx
POS wassup babe hit me up tomorrow EMO_HAPPY
POS navid! ----- hows it going? i miss you! EMO_HAPPY ----- hope everything is well ----- ----- ? ----- shelby
NEU ali wear to start i really have no clue...i miss you so much...come back home...ts so weird not having you around down here..like for real...makes me cry just thinking about ya...and lookin at the pictures on my closet doors what have ya on it makes me cry to...even though right now i cant walk up my steps to get to my closet doors lol...but i hope you are havin so much fun up there with all the hott guys i bet you are..and i bet it was so hard for you mom to leave her little girl...cuz i no my mom couldnt have done that..she dont even like to think about me leavin for college cuz we were talkin about you today and she was like why dont you just go to a community college in pad or madisonville for 2 years were you wont have to leave me..and i was like pssshhtt...whatever im gettin as far away from here as possible and i told her today that i was commin up there all the time when i got my licenses lol...and i am going to or else im pretty much going to go into depression...cuz i miss my ali that much right now...and it hasent even been like a whole 4 days laugh out loud and im already going like insain like you dont no...but i have wrote alot and you have alot to do i bet with gettin moved in and everything...but you have to tell me all about your first day tommorow and your new roomate hopefully she aint gay haha..i think you told me she was really pretty...but write me back...love you with all my heart...alex
POS thanks for the add. wat good wit you...
POS congratulations on the new addition to the family! can't wait to watch james grow & develop into a young man!!
NEG aye i'm not feelin the best either atm..but that's probably only cos of my shit weekend haha ----- ----- good luck with algebra then ;] ----- ----- school sucks here...like loads of my mates in the year above me have left, and they were the fun ones...so school is majorly boring >_< ----- but i'll live haha ----- ----- xx EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks for the love girl!!! ----- ----- you're very pretty....i know you are gonna do great with dancing & modeling as long as you stay aggressive. ----- ----- i'm not modeling yet. i work full time so its kinda hard....but ima try to get on top of right now =p gotta get ourselves out there. its all about running across the right people EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- hope you have a great weekend. ----- ----- show me sum love and ill always return it. don't be a stranger. ----- ----- ~!> mizz faith (b.b.)<!~
NEU hey
POS hiiiiiiiiiiiii rissa!!!! good to see you on-line!!!
POS yooo holla at me this weekend man so we can party we aint gotten drunk ina minute
POS whats up homie
POS i hope you're having a great weekend! ----- ----- yes, i finally posted my latest blog entry! i had so many requests to put it up but many things have happened recently. i'm not sure if you were one of the ones who messaged me about it, i mean i had hundreds and that's a lot to remember...lol ----- ----- - mc ----- ----- p.s. - if you haven't subscribed yet, subscribe now, and you'll be notified when it's updated!
POS i love you and miss you cant wait till you come home today!!!wooo partay time!!
POS hey baby! there you are. see you tonight.
POS wut^ im jus passin by to show you and you are page sum love so when you get this i hope you return this as soon as possible be safe 1
NEU your page gives me a headache.... laugh out loud
POS na na na na....na na na na....hey hey hey...goodbye atl!!!!............na na na na....na na na na....here we come...htown!!!!!!!!!!!
POS thanks you rock! ha thats my first message. later
POS hey bud!! whats up? i see you have um changed your page a little haha!
POS i miss and love you!
POS laugh out loud i still love you no matter what
POS omg!!!...that is a great picture
POS wuts up mayne? ----- just stoppin through and gracin your page. ----- make sure you return the favor ya digg?
POS hey<3 ----- i'm steven ----- how are you?
POS yep! we actually have 10 that we know of! six black ones and four brown ones!
POS hey girl thanks for the add looking good
POS what's up dude, what are you doing tonight any plans? i might hit the bar up later but not sure yet. call me if you are going out...
NEG wat up asshole dis dough holla at me
POS hey baby....i'm the first one to comment on your myspace...............i love you!!!!!!! EMO_HAPPY
NEU hey boy what you been up 2?
POS senor gorgo, how nice of you:-) ----- good luck with everything! ----- kizzy
POS wow.i haven't been gone from the house yet for too long, and now you are adding me on myspace!! hahaha you must miss me a lot. hahahahahah ----- ----- x
POS you found me you little jackal! haha, ----- i love you lots, bro!
POS hey im glad i am the first one to comment on your page, fix it up, make it look nice, and they will come...
POS you are such an old soul...lovin the fro!! get @ me hun...i never see ya anymore. EMO_HAPPY
POS funn!! (minus the back and forth stuff) did you start school...in august??
POS yeh defo we can meet up wen were back off hols an do summit guna be a bit busy until then. tell me if you hear from summer school cos i still havent got nething yet, cheers bigears!
POS so im listenin to ratm ----- and i thought of you EMO_HAPPY ----- haha word ----- but speaking of burned victims ----- we needa hang out again ----- laugh out loud
NEU whaddup?
NEG you are an animal
NEU who recruited you? cuz if i am right there were two sgts there msgt rosario, and tech sgt. green. msgt rosario got me in
POS cheers , neye.... i am humbled. ----- did i make sense? ha ha ha.... ----- ----- best wishes from kuala lumpur.
POS thanks bro!
POS hahahahahahahah you are pic is funny......... ----- -cj aka lil'j.c. ----- comment back
NEU you didn't let brother kevin have a guest appearance solo on the new album???
POS hi aunt donna,love you hopefully i will be able to see you guys soon.tell gab and josh i said hello.
NEU whats up. ----- ask fes to add you to his friends list.
POS how ya feelin bob! hope your not too hung over this morning.
POS you are welcome renji EMO_HAPPY
POS how goes it lady!!!!
POS at college laugh out loud how bout you?
POS whats up girrrllllllllll
NEG me and my dude smoke fat rocks all day if you got something to say about it ill shove a can of beans down your throat
POS hey cuttiiee
POS whats up kenny?!?!? just saying hey!!
NEU getting rid of the kid this weekend i hear....you two behave yourselves! no crazy games of butt darts allowed.
NEG not the mama! ----- not the mama!
POS hey how are you doing ...thanks for the add
NEU hmmmmm what did you end up doing this weekend
POS wassup, lil bit. stoppin by to show some love!
NEU ----- pimp your profile! -----
NEG now look whos trying to get into a frat. its kind of weird, i mean just because some of us are in alpha beta twat doesn't mean that just anyone can get in...maybe i'll put in a good word
POS i miss you!
POS hey girl!!! thank you so much for the comment on my blog i posted. you need to join us for one of our girl nights at my house....we have lots of fun. talk to ya soon.
POS hey girl im good been busy hope everyone is doing good
POS hey chica! whats been up with u! get ready for camp on monday!
NEG what a goober
POS hey. how have you been? i have not talk to you in sooo long. call me some time.
POS hey you love the new pics how was ibiza?
NEU did derek buy that 4 wheeler yall went to go look at
POS hey, old roomie. ----- ----- how are you?! EMO_HAPPY do you still go to la fitness? i got hooked on the cycling class, but i go at 6:45 p.m. tues/thurs instead of at noon now.
POS k so i tried to put the pic of the cartoon saying il just pretend to hug you until you get here as a comment but you know im special and for some reason i couldnt get it to work. sorry but it was the thought that counts right? haha be good dont have too much cyber sex!
POS sure that would be nice ok what will we call it???respond plzz ok ttfn
POS happy new year
POS i miss you too!! merry late x-mas! we deffinatley hafta hangout, i didnt know you were back in the area. call me or send me a message or sumthin.
NEG i got peas on my head but don't call me peahead!
NEU hey where i'm i at on this myspace
POS happy birthday tomorrow!!!!!! when i see you at work i'll tell you happy birthday again ok! laugh out loud ----- ----- ----- ? nell
NEU i am refusing 2 talk 2 you until you post some pix, mr. triathlon!! (jk...... congrats on the baby on the way!!!)
POS tell aiden that great aunt jen says i understood everything he said and i agree ;-)
NEG sup cuz! nah not on this, all about facebook these days! ----- my mum being a biiiiaaatch! thats why bullied.but goin uni soon, so not even bothered any more! tell me whats happening in you are life then?x
POS dam j thats a bad ass backround
NEU i want to put a vote down for ----- x factor 1
NEU i miss you, fix it.
NEG your crazy booooomer you didnt read its ( jessica myspace) not mike. mikey he got his own "myspace" damn you left me two commetns and not one said jessica you crazy but ill forgive your crazy ass! so what have you been up too i see im in your top 12 but that might be becuz of mikey!!!! laugh my ass off j/k so hit me up "jessica" ok !
NEG your neva on msn you dorkazoid. *smiles*
POS brandon! you never told me wat santa got u! laugh out loud
NEU hi loser jus adding more kommments ----- kk....ily EMO_HAPPY
POS hi cousin how are u? did you still remember me? we stay in yur hauz before me and my brother and sister leah in clark air base remember.god bless u!!!!
POS thank you. yeah it is crazy! you prob dont know this, but zack and me have been very close the last 5 years. he came to visit me and asked me to marry him. so i said yes. he is my very best friend. we have been through it all! we are having a small ceremony here in nashville during the holidays, but we are going to have a wedding up north when he gets out of the army. you gotta come! dont quite have a date, but i will let you know. so what have you been up to love? tell me about your life now...
POS the monster is excellent EMO_HAPPY he was late too and was supposed to be induced, but we kind of helped him along. you know, the way you got him there is also a way to help him along, get it? that, and take some long walks. like 2-3 miles at a time. but bring a cell phone! btw, child birth, so not bad, just get the epidural EMO_HAPPY
POS hello ----- just wanted to let you know that we are having a get together on saturday. we plan on cooking out, it is bring your own food and drinks and then later on in the evening we are having a fire. let us know if you can make it.
POS hello mate, thing are good thanks, good to see your still on the drums, and doing well i checked out your band they look good i'll have to check you out when your playing over this way, ----- been speaking to a few school mates on here should get some sort of reunion together.
POS hey girlie wats^ havent talked to you in forever--how are you and brent and owen doing? talk to you later  love ya tons
NEU yo, village! gotta git me some village!
POS hey sexy bum!! love u!!
POS you definitly have a good chance, last i heard not a whole lot of people are even coming back next year.. youd be a good staff member too
POS happy birthday mike. don't forget to drink a beer for me.
POS i like you and your son
POS glad to hear that all is going well. the cutie, logan, is my cousin becky (klinkenberg, melissa's sister) that is her little boy. the pic is older...he is 3 now. you should be biased that your kids are beautiful....but coming from me, i much agree with you...they are beautiful. you are very fortunate to have such a great family.
POS not really, i think a bit of socialising is in order so goin out tonight is defo on the cards! ----- still gonna have a quiet one? xx
POS hiya what's up? i dont know if you remember me but im your cousin samantha bestfriend. well anyway, i love your page and the music is hot. ----- ----- $ladyrose$
POS hey hunny! havent seen you in a long time! im having a jewelry party what is your address?
NEU hey man how you doin? its been a long time. well i am living in brussels belgium now i will be here three years and then i will be done with college. took me long enough! ha ha well let me know how your doing and how your family is. later
POS hey buddy!!! we miss you, hope you come home soon...
NEU its what jamie and john collins named me. i have no idea why.
POS hey!
NEU god, are you alive.
POS hey cuz!! just dropping by to say,"hi"" peace
POS ah thanks! ----- i look ok. another 46 to go. down 70 so far. ----- happy birthday, btw!
POS texas totally kicks ass ----- ha ----- its pretty fun i guess ----- love uuu
POS haha hi daniel
POS hey whats good thought id come by and show you some love. so you better return the favor. it should be nice to have me the infamous aye bless ya page!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEG carl, we are just lame. it's always mainly because i don't have credit, plus i'm lazy and work takes all my time away! it's an arse. ----- ----- ah, you don't need uni, it's for losers EMO_HAPPY are you gonna go next year? my job is okay, just a tad boring and i hate working every day! ----- nick was telling me that the new garden centre get £7 an hour on a sunday, seven pounds. i was nearly sick in my mouth! i miss it too, especially as sndays would have made us rich. does anyone we knew still work there? ----- ----- i do often think about maureen, i hope she is well. and i hope you are well my friend! do you still go out in farnham and stuff? ----- ----- loves xxxoxoxo
POS oh my god your birthday is comng up! what're you guys gonna do to celebrate?
POS yea the wedding and everything went really great. i hope the best for you three. i cant wait for my new life to start even tho it has already. laugh out loud i hope alleria is doin ok. i know i spelled her name wrong you will just have to tell me how to. talk to you later 
POS haha yeah i cut 6 inches off... it feels so much better though! hows everything going?xoxox
POS have a listen to my new profile song, fan bloody tastic!!
POS what's up hammond? how's life treating you brother?
POS hey ma sexy baby cakes...lol...im playin but anywasy im juss showin ya page some love and i just poped ya myspace.cherry....lol...well im finna call yew in a min..so i can talk to yew bout wat i supposah yesterday.. :).. ----- ----- lovesz ya, ----- atavia
POS hey, i think i just saw you...weird... ----- umm..i like your background! who ever helped you with your page is pretty cool. ----- EMO_HAPPY
NEG 4 real though, we haven't talked in a long time!
POS its come natural. no trying involved! ----- laugh out loud
POS whhey up gawgus!!!! ----- ----- must meet up soon! ----- ----- hows you? ----- ----- wubu2?? ----- ----- love you loads! xxxxxxxxxxx
POS happy early birthday! love your bargain alerts!
NEG that sounds perve-like...
POS congrats!!!! i'm so happy for you guys, but now you can't ride the bull!!!
POS i like you are page,u movin up in myspace ----- ----- <-juice->
POS thank you aaron! and i did have a good time. oh and you already know what i want...didnt we talk about this before EMO_HAPPY
NEU anna, you need a computer woman!!! go hit up rent a center or something EMO_HAPPY
POS darlin', i'm gonna buttah yo bread.
POS that was super sweet!
POS hey!!! happy birthday!!!!!!! hope you have a great day!
POS hey luke how you been???...i like you are headline...lol...thats real
NEU hey where do i kno you 4rm?
POS hey girl how have you been,i miss ya happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
POS hey josh! i sure hope you are doing well up there in jacksonville. don't be a stranger, alright?
POS cherrybomb was asking if she could come visit you, she was out this weekend and wanted to stop by to say hey. i told her we'll have to give you a call next time she's out here so we're not invading!
NEU hey girl, how have you been? are you still getting married? when? sorry i'm hardley ever on here my computer is too slow,i hope everything is good for you! where are you working now?
NEU like hows it going what new
NEG hey chris. whats been going on. no alot on my end. just tryin to take things one day at a time. well get up with me sometime.
POS hey whats up? how is everything up your way?
NEU hey chick whts good? yeaaa tht movie was brokke and when i came to findlay i really didn't except to check ma myspace laugh out loud so i didn't kno bout the football game or ne thing til i got home well yea i dunno when ill b up again so yea hit me back im out ~1~katie aka real
POS i know we do not really know each other that well, and i really shouldn't be asking you this, i feel shy, but i want it so bad, don't get me wrong it's just that i haven't had it for a long time. i could already feel it going in so hard and coming out so soft and wet. no one has to know about this. i need it. i'm desperate, but your help can be very grateful you must think i have a lot of nerve asking you for this, but i can feel my tongue around it sucking all the juice out until there's no more left, this has been on my mind all day long and i hope i'm not being forward, i'm usually not like this, but .......can i have a piece of gum???lol
POS yo wut up just returnin the love later! ----- ----- -mr. lazy-
POS john baby;; i love you =d ----- ----- i deff. can not wait till ----- ----- we get to hang out again ----- ----- like old times =]] ----- ----- remember that ill always ----- ----- be here for you no matter what ----- ----- cause you mean the world to me ----- ----- ----- ----- ? ----- ----- sammy -----
POS yo whats up man i aint at work i have been chillin at the crib all day i got that big check you know what that means its time to get fucked up later d-mo
NEU my cougars arent afraid of anything they will put your tigers to shame anytime! laugh out loud
POS i been doing great...
POS everybodys good! how about you guys? i tried to make it down a few weeks ago but got a little busy due to the ole miss games. ttyl! ----- ----- p.s.happy birthday
POS you finnally added me from the past minn laugh out loud
POS how you doin.thanks for the add
POS hey cutieface... ----- ----- you defult pic makes me wanna dance and smile and giggle and dance somemore ----- ----- but yeah ----- ----- hehehe ----- ----- <33 anna
POS are we still on for burning man this year? i've got a great unicorn costume. you should be a satyr again.
POS i love you so much boo
POS hey jake what's up playa? how's school goin?
POS aww wus up blud i cnt believ i aint been ta da page yet ta show sum love but yea im doen so now!! so get bk at me!! love always! ----- ----- ----- *nie*
NEU heavy sliddn!
NEG this is a little message for nasty, are we going to fight on kellen's profile (that he never checks) or are you going to be a man and fight with me on my profile?!?!? just kidding, bitch! get rid of tom!
NEG i aint forgot about my niggy. whhat it is kid? ----- get at me fammo im in nap town now cha lee. ----- ----- ----- ----- 2 fingas to the left kid ----- c bake
POS nuffffink:d jus urself:):) lol.xx
POS wow, nice layout! looks awesome ... oh, and i promise i won't tell mom what song you posted ... (^=
NEG yo beatch!i forgot you actually sent me a message on this, it was aaaages ago, but i am mentally retarded and did mean to send one back but never did!wot you been up2 lately??parpxxx
POS hey bobby! ----- sounds so weird after all the different names ive made up for ya anyhow cheer up sis will b home soon and i hate down people hurts the wittyness that i hav as you call it ----- cheer up plz-ill buy you sum chocolate byexxx
POS be safe today! hope you guys have a great 4th of july! much love to you my brother! miss you man.
POS happy thanksgiving!! i hope you had a blessed day...haven't heard from you in awhile---hope all is well.
NEG b**** i dont have a scaner to put my baby's pic.
NEG call a nigga son
POS just went to kokua festival. it reminded me of that time we went and saw jimmy buffet. i think we were drunk that day. i don't know i was too drunk to remember.
POS hey whats up i just wanted to write and say thanks for the add but anywho write me back and i guess ill talk to you laters
NEU hinkle!! what is this craziness of you not coming back? im graduatin baby and comin back for business, you cant miss that!
NEU ----- this will add some spice to your page but will probably get annoying quite quickly as well. ----- enjoy
POS finally!!! and where the heck is georgia!? laugh out loud ----- can't wait to catch up with you guys!
NEU wut up
POS hey b.ready ... your profilr is so nice !!! i love it !!! well god bless..see ya at the banquet table !!!
POS hey tay!!! i love you soooooooooooo much!!! you are sooooooooooooo beautiful EMO_HAPPY
POS happy birthday!! i love you...i need your cell ----- hope you're feeling better!!
POS hey there you sexy beast!! so i haven't talked to you in like forever... you should come out to starved rock tomorrow night and root me on in the competition. take care buddy!
NEU kk just tell me when the try out rkk
NEG your a homo laugh out loud jp but wut you doing damn you are still asleep i bet
NEU hi bosley
POS what they do? i was just stoping by your page. much love. ms. felisha
POS hey, i thought i might need to show my face just that i would show you some love!!!!!!!!!!! ----- love you boo!!!! ----- "mrs, you already know"
POS hey hom[eee]...lol! whats up? you needs to come with me and aaron to the mall whenever we go...otay! you gotsta come over sometime....k? adios...hasta la byebye! [nia]
NEG stop being a pussy your whole life and find a way to get to jersy!
POS woohoo! 1! why am i 1? ----- ~julie
POS hey i was just stopping by and you don't have nobody that gave you a coment so iwas just stoping by to give you some love
POS hey you wats up?? long time no talk!! how have you been??
NEU sure
POS happy 18th birthday vicky i hope you have a good day darling see you soon love ya as a mate lovce sam
POS have a great birthday!
NEU chek out our new videos ----- d los polvilleros in my page ----- my dad stars dancing
NEU hello leeroy, how are you? was so battered the other night! did you find paul?
NEG ohh well arent we just an over achiever..heheh just jokin thats a good thing... andddd i am about to go but i will call you when im done cleanin...i gotta clean the kitchen and dinnein room and living room....so i gots alot to clean for only 20 freakin dollarsss!! but ill call you babe.
POS hey hunny, just wanted to say hi & see how you've been. hope all is well ttul xo
NEG okay you need to pimp your page girl
NEG i think im going to keep dispatch to myself, you can have my kids in 20 years i dont car ill probable be sick of them by then anyways...wait what was i going to say o yea your an asshole
NEG im not gunna put you in my top because you dont have me on you are top
POS hi rachel, how ru? hope you are doing good!! talk to you later! EMO_HAPPY
POS i love you uncle donnie
NEU hey up neil! ----- you had a good weekend? im still recovering. went in crown last night for a couple of drinks. two bottles of wine later.... ended up in v bar i was a wee bit drunk. all good fun EMO_HAPPY
POS que laa?!?!? hey babe...look i finally put up a new pik of me. lol. yay 4 me. anyways jus wanted 2 stop by n sho you are page sum luv. so yuh. im out. dale. i love u. mwahz
POS thanks i'm glad to have you too as a friend.love melanie
NEG hey you fucker! i'll see you friday! me and mel are comin out! if that's ok. seth said we could come so we are whether you like it or not bitch! lol! love ya quickie!
POS heeey, ----- thanks 4 acceptin the add, ----- did you have a good weekend? ----- x x
POS hey hows it going? thanks for the add
NEU im really missing you guys!!!!! how are you doing??
POS just was stopping in to say hi. hope all is well, love and miss you!!! ~kisses~
POS great seeing you this week devin. hope all is going well.
POS heyy alex how are you doin you knw who this is shaquanna
POS happy birthday! dude!!!
POS hey papa, ----- ----- i love your layout! it is auesome!! ----- i am so glad you have a my space now! ----- its it fun!
NEG who the fuck are you!!!!!
POS happy thanksgiving!
NEG anthony! ----- oh no i dont know what is on mr.techz final!!
NEU ..
NEG fuck you
NEU and the story behind the (really very hot) carhart's is..........?
POS yay! EMO_HAPPY it's gonna be so rad. ha ha. what color are you going to do?
POS im in love with andrew bird and beirut too EMO_HAPPY
POS so...how the heck are you?
NEG hey... whats up? you know what fuckin sucks? i won't have any money for the app. and shit for the apt. for 2 weeks, it's pissing me, off, and i'm gonna try to get it soon... i'm so pissed, my check was only $100, but, don't worry, my next 1 will be about$350. so it's all cool. well, later.
POS thanks for commenting my page. your a cutie as well.
POS dewd. people are going to think you are a total bitch automaticly with that blurb! you should let them come to that conclusion naturally....lol. "psych!" anyway, so glad you are back, love working with you...love kickin it! this weekend...on like kong...literally.
NEU hey is this kacy???
POS i love you too!!!! glad to see you "friend" is no long your friend laugh out loud
POS laugh out loud hmm lets see, probably about mid way through the summmerr haha
POS first comment!! heheh i win. do i know you?
NEU hey do we need to go toward knowxville to get home. or how bout through hot springs
POS hell ya. well good luck on that.
NEG yea i would have crushed that mutha fucka's skull in...i cant believe that shit...i would have killed him
POS EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks calvin love you sexxxxy ----- ----- mwahhhh<33
POS aye what up boi...holla
POS wow i love you are songs but you have to go here mine it is so kool....lol
POS miss you! we want to know when you are coming back to chat???? hope you are having a great time! ----- love ya ----- aim and ali -----
POS my parents want me to go to concord carlsile.. they heard good stuff about it, so i'll just be driving there.. no biggie.. oh, are you on varsity football?
POS yea. some time i would like to play volleyball with you guys.
POS thanks for the add
POS i'm in love with a shin. don't tell! ----- xoxo, ----- ----- kwm
POS wow!! i guess i am sooo cool! thanks! don't forget micro this sat. wear white!
POS i want to watch video.what is malt?
NEU hi
NEU so how was kings island and yo when do you work?
POS heyy eddie...was up long time no see! ----- ----- hows your summer going?? ----- ----- catch ya later buddy ----- ----- ----- ?anna
POS thanks for the add mate
POS just came by to say hi!
NEU sorry you gettin all you in your grill nikkie peace out
NEU check out my myspace somebody did something to it sould i leave it like that with all the music vidoes
POS kisses come see us at the mall...
NEU how about i leave a msg for ya ----- come to millersburg now... millersburg...millers...burg ummmmm yummy millersburger milersburg right now millersburg i know your fat and want some millersburgers
NEG you suck at the internet. just a friendly fyi.
POS hello how are you?
NEU hey dork brain!!!! wow was a lil surprsisin seein you on my thingy long time no talk!!!!! i heard you are datin danielle which is awesome!!!! hopefully you are good to her as well is her to u!!!! well hope all is well and you are life is good!!! where you livin now???? n e ways hit me back when you get this k!?!?!?! i since you got a girlfriend now that means well prolly see eachother at joce's party tomorrow night so no hard feelins!!! i wish the best for you guys!!!! ----- xoxoxtara
POS hey, how are ya?
NEU hey kat what you been up too?
POS hey, crystal! ----- i hope you had a wonderful christmas and that your 2007 is your best year ever!!!! miss you lots!
NEG when did i ever tell her that, i honestly do not recall.
POS yea we can
NEG chillin chillin you no tryna keep up on da finals man even though im bout to die!!!!!!!!
POS a had the baby??? i bet she is just beautiful!!! big hugs for you and the baby!!! can't wait to see pictures! love ya!!!!
NEG laugh out loud yeah true. im not looking forward to the shoping or the actual pictures at all
POS hi conner reede grandpa loves you
POS hey wats up dude we miss you sosososososososososososososossosososossososososososososososooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love ya man peace nigga
NEU cry me a river...i need more rain around here...j/k. there i added your pics...happy now??? love ya
POS thank you my good friend
NEU hey man ----- you marching at sc? ----- i didnt see you after the game!
NEU thank you very much. i miss you too. you know, this thanksgiving and christmas is going to be very hard for me. miss you...
POS dude we won a game. ----- we beat hudson by 11 points haha ----- so now we have an impressive record of 1-6 haha
POS hey, i wuv oou 2, miss you lots, see ya soon. awesome pic. haven't heard the tune yet don't know what happened will try to fix speaker.
POS hey girl!! you know that i will always be here for you and those three beautiful boys!! let me know anytime i can help. i will be there in a flash!! be strong and know that you have people that care and that are praying for ya!! love ya girl!! see ya soon!
POS row row row my blunt ----- twist it @ the end. ----- light it up and take ----- a puff,and pass it ----- 2 a friend!!! ----- keep my blunt goin... ----- dont skip any homies!!!
POS yay!!!!!!!!!! im elissas first comment!!!!!!!!!!! hmm i still think you should of gone with allisoncurboismyidol but whatever dude!!!!
POS cool and worrd you right you are da only 1 laugh out loud ----- will joe start in football laugh out loud da coaches said dat about you
POS i had a great day thanks. been working all day today nd ive just come on here for a few mins before i go back 2 work, how about you wubu2? x
POS whatup hobag? awesome time this weekend! come to la
POS happy hump day. i love u!!!!!!
POS hhheeeellllllooooooooo.....aawwwww baby's gettin so big!!!! damn we got alot of catchin up to do....
NEG if it doent get called off
POS urban paradise!!! all you better come! hahah info on my default EMO_HAPPY
NEG hey noodle brain!
NEG thanks! i'm doing ok.really anxious for ya'll to get back! i miss rob!! how are you doing?
NEU watz gud? c/b
NEU hey kids whats up i will be your mother if you dont have 1
NEU that is my 17 year old brother n law
POS hey you congrat hey but i am glad you had it ok well tell you are mom hi and britt and you dad and mike love you lots later ----- ----- heres my number so you can call me 719 474 9862
NEG hey i'd pay huey, dewey and jigbooey , to shank you but, your safe in your little fag ward, so let mother nature take her course.
POS that is funny that you should leave that comment, because i just left one to my roommate making fun of the giants (her team)! that was a pretty sweet score and i wish they could do that all of the time.... that would be amazing!!!!! oh and when hell freezes over i will root for the yankees... so fat chance... i will be rooting for the mets!!!!!!!!!!
POS i could totally go for some deep fried ravioli or a 5lb bad of fries!!! oh and don't forget the cause of those wonderful meals....could go for some of that too...good times
NEG whats up dogg!!
POS your so confiedent! ----- and i mean your funny ----- and you care about people feelings ----- gaw this is makeing me like you even more!
POS just droping by to see how you all are and say hello. take care
POS sweet thatd be awesome
POS hey man ill see you tomarow
POS keepin it real.
NEG only 5 friends? ----- this is an outrage!
NEU give me a call
POS hey there hows it goin? i havent seen you in forever, and when did you have a baby?
POS hello my dear!!! sam has luckily got his hands on a room in the bedford park pub in streatham, which is now owned by the owner of the windmill in brixton. sam is gonna start doing gig nights there for all types of bands, and some club/party nights maybe too!!! all very exciting! well anyways the 1st night is gonna be sat 30th, so y'all gotta come down!! love gem xxx
NEU wasup? jasmin from iowa t0ld me this i~ll ringones internet-page
POS your welcome. ----- ----- oh yeah, do you remember the homework we had for extra credit for nplus?
NEU thankkx!but hu are u?no afence!
NEU figgummssssssssssssssssss!!! hahaha
POS i love youu
POS peterrrr get better, i EMO_HAPPY you!
POS im fine sweetie! not seen you in ages hun what you been doin??? prob hidin from us lol!!! you havin a crazy weekend? you have missed a couple of mad nights EMO_HAPPY my parents were away ----- muchos love xxx
POS hey baby ..... i miss you to and i don't have a bed partner either isac is at amy's so i am alone too! bj said whats up. ----- i love you baby and i can't wait to see you tomorrow ! ----- good night sweet dreams ----- i love you ! ----- oxooxoxooxoxoxox ----- kris
POS i just popped your comment cherry!!!! ----- ----- ----- laugh out loud haha
POS thanks 4 accepting my add
POS hey hottie! laugh out loud ----- ----- welcome laugh out loud lame but im colin if you need to talk to someone im here.
NEG check your page more often frodo!
NEG not much just sitting around on a friday night.. sad huh>? i must be old EMO_HAPPY
NEU yo you got aim
NEG mundelein... ----- are team sucked ass but it was better when we won ----- ----- we played you both at home.. ----- so yah ----- im danny
POS hey sean! how are u?! i miss u, im so happy you got a myspace. how is everything going at college? i have to have my applications in in about a week....its awful! laugh out loud well ill ttys love ya!
POS evening young man.... fancy doncaster at home on your birthday(ish) weekend? its officially retro day so i'm sure the silver surfer shoes will fit right in!
POS what up baby?
POS hey hunny! i'm fine and dandy thanx. i've only just managed 2 sign in on myspace cus its not been letting....computer says no!! rubbish hey! so how's the lovely university of warwick then? hope your not getting 2 drunk!! x x
POS happy birthday dude...
POS hey, i uploaded your photo and am printing it out. cool beans.mom
POS hey, hey kid what is new?
POS hey tortilla boi..lol wat you been up 2me juss chillin well write back
NEU hey ya we did alright. i shot 3 and cory shot 3. seen alot the first day but only decided to kill 3 that day, didnt see anything the following days.. thats how it goes tho.what you up to? hows school going for you
NEU iin my break iis your brother home....
NEU haha! yeah very funny! your just jelous cause im shorter than you!! ----- :-] ----- ?angel
POS let me know where and set up people who are interested and i'll be there
POS hope that you all have a great holiday!!!!
NEU what up son
POS hey thanks 4 the add dude ----- ----- farnborough 6th? or just have mates that go there? ----- ----- emma ----- ----- x
POS heyahh babe x ----- ii love yuu x
POS hello josh EMO_HAPPY
NEU thanks for the compliment duane...however you need to get the program straight lol!
NEG get your rat out
POS laugh out loud i wag my bum at you everyday!... wink wink** too bad you only wag it bak... laugh out loud
NEG i think you'll find i did that on purpose. and you've used a capital letter at the end of your name instead of the start. very poor gramma young man!!
POS happy birthday eric!!!!!!
POS hey mr crab, thanks for the add. love your hat & profile song. have a groovy easter weekend & stay away from the diy, you know it's a killer during bank holidays. love n hugs x
NEU que onda puto? ----- oh wait let me translate that for you black man>! ----- whats up friend? ----- haha ----- aye wey you want some feathers?
POS doin good.cute baby, but what is that next to it? =p
POS laugh out loud i havent had too much c/w not as much as i expected. what subjects did you take? iv just got back from the farnham college open evening, it doesn look half bad EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- ummm tbh not bin up to much at the wkends, alot of shopping and chillin, and i now work sundays at argos! woop woop haha. hannahs party was pretty good in the end =d ----- ----- you been up to anything exciting? ----- ----- welcome back  love you xxxxxxxxxxxxx
POS you are such a hottie. ----- laugh out loud ----- i heart you.
POS whew that was one intense game of softball on saturday :d
POS hello ----- ----- i hope you had a lovely birthday and weekend. ----- ----- keep it metal ----- ----- cilgrug
NEU i popped your comment cherry EMO_HAPPY you need to add some words, and some pictures. i feel like i'm looking at an empty room or something
POS hey sup man how are ya how is life treatin you im doing good i just got done with ma colege applications so thats a big release
POS hey. ----- ----- i havent talked to you in soo long. i miss you ? we need to hang out soon. this summer you need to come to my house and swimmin. well im glad you finally got a myspace. now we can talk EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- ? brii
POS hello!
POS hi tom! hope you are okay!? looking forward to uni? kinda wish i was goin now!lol! maybe one day when i grow a brain cell!lol! hope you are good ----- faybe x
POS watup thuggin... how is ursuline treatin ya? you no i miss you keep ballin over there tho. maybe we'll chill one day. have funn you know ----- -vic
POS ana you rock!!!!! love the slide show...
NEU miss you guys
NEU oh.......my........god. ----- ----- laura has got a myspace. what was it you said at work? something like 'i dont need myspace, i've got a real life'.
POS happy b day sister i tried to call you yesterday n could not get a hold of you so this is the next best thing, love you
NEU kacey! ----- i miss you! ----- call me, and let's hang out soon. ----- ?
POS hey chick - where you now in the world??? i'm now in laos and loving it. big love to ya xxxxxxxxxxxx
POS hey you!! hope the holidays have been good to you and yours.
POS hey i like you are backround its cool
POS happy smurfday... -----
NEG damn nigga you fake as fuck wit you are fat ass you lucky i had your back earlier but fo real take them pics off before they find out you fake
POS well i was bored but now i am going to dinner with tara and amen and then we are going to see the movie the pursuite of happiness! ----- so yea
NEG dangg foo. i dont wanna enterr this one. im sorry ferr surr.
NEU sorry how do you spell it?? laugh out loud im waiting until the spring semester to start school.
POS i love you mwah!!!<33 ----- ----- you knoe who?
POS helloooooooo
POS good day sir!! ----- you have an event to reply to on facebook!!....but a text would be magic!! ----- you out tonight?? ----- hope your well. ----- ----- love ya.
POS hey boy! how are you doin!!gettin ready for college?
NEG damn did you see that game it was fucking bad as fuck!!!!!
POS thnax for the add!
NEG i signed the pention ----- ----- that website was soo sad ----- i cryed for like 20 minutes...
POS we missed you at the movies last week! although yo did not miss a lot with that movie! i hope to see you soon! let me know if you need anything!!!!!!!!!
POS sup james, sup cuz, laugh out loud nah I don't know  if i am i think i going football, i think i just might stick with basketball, I don't know  but i going play senior year gurrintees, laugh out loud well talk to you later 
POS had to be the first to leave a comment on your page laugh out loud love yous
NEG just because you want to lick my bumhole
POS you would have this song! ha ha good stuff!!
NEU no im not just cause i asked im a flirt.lo hhahaa
POS ayah. ----- i ? u! ----- ----- ?$h&!l@.
POS hey sis just showin sum love
POS wow i feel so special - personalised comment on how im a bitch!:d you know its all lies, you love me really!! xxx
POS hey sarah how are you?????????
POS happy birthday!!!!!!!! i hope all is well, and hopefully we will all catch up soon!
POS whats up...howz you are summer been
NEU like the videos bob you tore the shit out of that blocking sled! you should have went pro.
POS robbie you my numbah one homie.
POS there is nothing wrong with your details... mine are the same..
POS hey cuz ----- ----- how are you? thanks for asking me to be your myspace buddy! ----- ----- what have you been up to lately? ----- ----- gem xxxx
POS thank you for adding me.can't wait to get to know you better...
POS merry christmas!
POS hey babe i love you so much it really sucks that we dont get to see each other much now i hate it EMO_HAPPY only 2 more years and we'll get to see each other alot EMO_HAPPY so yeah i hate school and work ..just got done watching oltl EMO_HAPPY now im watchin gh waiting to go back to work...so excited!! ha ha yeah right...who knows maybe i will quit today EMO_HAPPY just kidding oh yeah by the way....you need to hurry up EMO_HAPPY ive been waiting ...lol by love!!!
NEG i see you finally made a myspace page!! loser!!
NEU want to go to publix?
POS happy birhday buddy!
NEU yo hoochie mama, i saw your papa's myspace. lico righhhht? but that is [my] jonathan's cousin! hahahaha i saw him in his pictures, what a small ass world, huh? but yeah, did you find your dress yet? ----- ----- oh em geee, this is like the third time i wrote this comment 'cause your comment box is like on craccccck, k byeeeeee booch!
POS cheers for the add! ----- feel free to drop by and leave a comment! ----- ----- birmingham x
POS happy b-day gabbi. i love you.
POS hey sexy whats up?
POS toby!! where yah been all my life?
POS hey pimp we really need to hang out again soon, im in need of a very strong drink!
POS we are hanging out before you go to basic my friend!!!!!!!!!!!
POS thanks for the add request!!! ----- ----- xoxo ----- janine siu ----- www. janinesiu. com
POS i love you! i love you! i love you! im about to get a couple man, and i ll put a name on one for you! give me your address now. so that i may contact you! im on here every so often so i can right more then i can get on here!
POS hey baby... ----- god i miss you i cnat wait to see you again!! ----- love ya and always will ----- you are best friend
POS big win buck!!!!
POS hey! i'm going to be in austin starting this friday through monday for acl. we should get together for drinks or meet up during the day if you are going to the shows. give me a ring.
POS hey mamores... ----- haha im the first one to comment yup yup... ----- well hey im just showing you are ass some love even though you just left to the home!hahaha you know the way we have fun...well yea...love you pumba! ----- timon & pumba ----- ? 4 eva!!
NEU i got it made in chicago when i went there why
POS llama's are wonderful!
POS hey lee!! thought id leave you a message even tho you neva eva message back!!! how you doin? not seen you about for agggeezzz! hope alls good :d ----- ----- x x x
POS ey up, have a good weekend? if you use msn at all and fancy a chat sometime, i'm on: clarky1979 .co.uk
POS whats poppin sexy you kno i had to cum sho ya space sum love bring it back
NEG we have ridiculed the absolute truth of your word and called it pluralism. ----- ----- we have worshiped other gods and called it multiculturalism. ----- ----- we have exploited the poor and called it the lottery. ----- ----- we have neglected the needy and called it self-preservation. ----- ----- we have rewarded laziness and called it welfare. ----- ----- we have killed our unborn and called it choice. ----- ----- we have shot abortionists and called it justifiable. ----- ----- we have neglected to discipline our children and called it building self-esteem. ----- ----- we have abused power and called it political savvy. ----- ----- we have coveted our neighbours?? possessions and called it ambition. ----- ----- we have polluted the air with profanity and pornography and called it freedom of expression. ----- ----- and we have ridiculed the time-honoured values of our forefathers and called it enlightenment. ----- why cant we just love, honour and respect eachother??
POS wut up foo!!! ima bout to bounce out but just showin sum love!!
POS happy birthday, i doubt youll see this for awhile, put our song on my page, the mutherfucking reeeeeeeeeeeeeal! i just remember back in the day, sitting on your porch smoking cheap as private stocks waiting for some adventure! miss the shit out of you!!!! lylas
POS wats good white chocolate, lol. aint talk 2 you since da movies. wats happennin? holla back when you get dis
NEG oh did some one hack you are some thing
POS dude ... i was just thinking about you. hope you are doing well!
POS i think matt may want you bad. haha.
NEU hey, i just took the so... survey on survey machine! you can see my results here - you should take it too!
POS did she say tiz-ight, anyway. "if she really wanted me to relax, she would have said, go grab your favorite pillow, curl up on the couch, throw this tape away and rela...hax rela..hax!
POS yo :). i forgot to find out what kind of background you would like on your profile (so i can write the code ^^).
POS what's good o - ----- i hope you had a great time celebrating your birthday and i wish you many more.
POS hi sista... hope you can log on soon... i love ya.... hope everything is good back in rap... love you.. ttyl...
POS i have a question for you but i realized i can't ask you it through a comment for certain reasons - hehehe - so call me sometime - we'll catch up as well
POS oh, my dear, i love you too! ----- ----- it has been far too long! ----- ----- oh for the holidays...when i might see you again!
POS ahh the smeagsters!!! laugh out loud
POS yo dogg what it ----- dooooo ----- how have you been?!
NEG quyen who?? ;d we're not close friends. i don't like that girl. when you see her tell her, i'm going to beat her up.!
POS whats up cousin havnt really talked to you in a while?
NEU ..
POS thanks for the addd
POS hey baby...first comment... :d
NEU yooo! remember when lily(leung lady) abandoned our group in mr. snyder's(mobeeeeeel daii) class?! ----- what's good, man? it's been years, holla back.
POS thanks for the add
NEG err..ur a crazey passy err you err be scareyin me friendz off myspace err.. konntz is off now so get off passy fuck
NEU hey babe, you have 2 do a beta pro than this!!! at least put a pic up laugh out loud
NEU so did you fix that damn truck of urs yet?!! haha
POS hey how are things going? i like you new background? i've been learning how to snowboard. its been fun glade that spring is comming. take care
POS yes!!haha! whats you doin love
POS what is up man! ----- you need to stop by sometime.
NEU sweet... there growing too fast... o-well that'll happen...
POS wat poppin lil sis?
NEU crack mouse killzz ----- hahahahhahaahahha
POS thats pretty good mom im proud of you
POS thanks for the add!!! ----- ----- (i had to say it!) lol!!! ----- ----- go go go!!! nashville news!!!!
NEG hey brandon. ----- whoa i havent talked to you in forever. ----- well that might be, because everytime i was at the rink, you looked at me like you didnt even know me. ----- but thats okay. i guess ----- it kinda hurt my feelings but w..e ----- i still love you too. ----- i miss you alot. ----- and yeah my dad is pissing me off really bad. ----- i miss you. ----- brudda<3
POS hey! we can tell stephanie made this her pictures are all over it!!:) im gonna go get the pictures from the party developed!!!
POS hey betty, it's me zoink...how are you lately? EMO_HAPPY xxx
NEU hey..uhm wo are you.? apparently you know me and all my friends and we have never ever even heard about you. can you plz plz plz with a cherry on top tell me ho you are?
NEG hey whats up? not much here...just got home from work...and really bored lol.
POS waddup head ;p jus showin you sum luv. holla atcha boy!
NEG heavan do you like magic? ----- i didnt think you did but if you dont y you talk to tricks?
POS haha, k kellen, we need to get you some more friends...and more pictures and fun stuff!!! you can find thi and marc under my friends EMO_HAPPY
POS go to bed now. i love you!!!
POS hey just passing through to say hi and let you know i have a new saturday spot in jerz called feel good lounge... starting this saturday... let me know if you can come through... ----- ----- ps when you get a chance check out my new song the things you do with nina sky and red cafe... thanks...
POS yay!!! you joined myspace!!!!
NEG stealing
POS just wanted to say hi!!! & 2 see how you are doing. all is ok on my end. ----- love, ----- traci
POS twas nice seeing you and the girls this x-mas. hope you have a great new years.......don & sheryl
POS how's maine? :d ----- i like live in rhode island now.. like about 4 hours away from maine itself so i hope maybe just maybe to attend the family picnick thing :o
POS i am good. i got just engaged to my gf!
NEG whats up ugly
POS happy birthday abby!
POS hey baby, just wanted to tell you how much i love you, and that you are such a great father... our son will grow up with the best parents!!!!
POS heyy you need more comments.. soo here they are...lol
NEG was up con i call you fool .......pick up homie
POS best couple right hereeeeeee!
POS whats up. ----- ask fes to add you to his friends list.
NEU that shirt says..... this is what cool looks like...lol? i guess he thinks he is cooler then he is
NEG hey you fucking punk did you forget about your people or what. wait till i see u, you are a dead manhahahhaahaha. by the way tomorrow i go the 38th mp's and get my packet. i already have my 322r and i am on my way... hit me dawg later....
POS we all miss you like hell. i cant make it sun cause im goin campin wit my mom but i wish i could b there. wana c you belly you need to send us pic of you and you little gurl i still have the one on my phone. you were a joy to work wit and no one can replace u. if you get bored and need money in a few years you know where to go laugh out loud talk to you later  muah
POS hey prima just droping bye showing you some love well hopefully you are doing go with my primo latez talk to you laterz
POS thanks! you can, but it'd be more like the "fred" from "scooby doo" freddie prinze. anytime you're home, let me know, and we can play.
POS simply amazing.
NEG if i didn't know better i'd say you wrote this, anyway thought you might like it. ----- ----- now i sit me down in school ----- ----- where praying is against the rule ----- for this great nation under god ----- finds mention of him very odd. ----- ----- if scripture now the class recites, ----- it violates the bill of rights. ----- and anytime my head i bow ----- becomes a federal matter now. ----- ----- our hair can be purple, orange or green, ----- that's no offense; it's a freedom scene. ----- the law is specific, the law is precise. ----- prayers spoken aloud are a serious vice. ----- ----- for praying in a public hall ----- might offend someone with no faith at all. ----- in silence alone we must meditate, ----- god's name is prohibited by the state. ----- ----- we're allowed to cuss and dress like freaks, ----- and pierce our noses, tongues and cheeks. ----- they've outlawed guns, but first the bible. ----- to quote the good book makes me liable. ----- ----- we can elect a pregnant senior queen, ----- and the 'unwed daddy,' our senior king. ----- it's "inappropriate" to teach right from wrong, ----- we're taught that such "judgments" do not belong. ----- ----- we can get our condoms and birth controls, ----- study witchcraft, vampires and totem poles ----- but the ten commandments are not allowed, ----- ----- no word of god must reach this crowd. ----- ----- it's scary here i must confess, ----- when chaos reigns the school's a mess. ----- so, lord, this silent plea i make: ----- should i be shot; my soul please take! ----- amen
POS x-box 360 for halo 3 dude!! you're too funny!!!
POS thinking of you ;)~
POS watz gud sexi baby???jus stoppin by 2 show you sum love on you are page!!!holla biak!!!!
POS thanks yours are pretty good too!
POS thanks for finding me. cool page. keep the metel alive. best of luck.
NEU cal me bitch! lol! what are you doing this weekend? camping?
POS hey how are u??
POS hey hows u??? you home for xmas time???
NEU i thought you could appreciate the absurdity of it all... ----- ----- -----
NEU hey watsup, are you goin to ellenville for memorial day weekend this year?
POS laugh out loud sweeet,,,,,, frm b-ham ma lady . hopes you are all gd ne ways , ----- welcome back  brynn x
POS mommyhood has been great. we are getting ready to move up there. so yay!
POS hi mom, i'm pretty good. just trying to meet everybody
POS just wanted 2 come thru and say thanks 4 tha friend request... take care.. and don't b a stranger
POS hey! got the pictures..can't wait to hold jaden he is beautiful...i sent his package mon so hopefully it will get there soon..also yours, melissa and jadens christmas is on the way to..bet your glad to be back in guam will be glad when you all get to come home..love to all mawmaw
NEU was just strolling by...how's life over there?
NEU put me in you are top friends!!!
POS nice meeting you the other night! tell christina she needs to get with the program so she can actually have a drink at dinner one day! haha! ----- -ashley
NEG loserific.. thats u.. i will slice you are neck with a battle ax
POS thanks for looking me up and adding me! i'd love to stay in touch. andy and cory became my new "sons" over the last few weeks.such polite, handsome young men!! julie and leann became my sisters, having gone on this journey together has forever bonded us!! let them both know that as soon as i hit walmart on wednesday for ink and photo paper that pictures are on their way!!!!
NEU hi tim
POS my dear, i hope you got home okay.... heard you were half way... lawrence has given chris hayfever, but otherwise is mostly sleeping on your bed... i'll be sure to boss him around soon, get him to make my bed and pack my bag EMO_HAPPY i will miss you though i have not seen you often enough. postcards will be the new communique, and maybe once in a while you can check your myspace or shock horror, even your email! hope you feel better, big hug, lots of love, kate xxx
NEU hey there how have you been i saw you driving saturday i think but you never looked over
POS hey saw that you did not have a comment so i thought that i would drop one off!!!
NEU what up pimp juice?
POS *smiles from ear to ear and hugs josiah back* im glad you like it .* he walks up to layel* qhat would you like?
POS brah...what you been up to? i'm comming cali in three weeks if you like hang out.
POS thanks for the add!!
POS enjoy ----- .. width="425" height="350">
NEG you dont have all the intresting stuff up on here about you like where you were born and all i think that kinda stuff rocks you just put the basics and you need alayout get busy bro...lol
POS hey there. long time no see EMO_HAPPY
POS happy birthday!
POS i love you
POS ----- ----- ----- ----- this ----- is ----- so ----- funny! ----- ----- ----- -----
NEU west west
POS well sup johnathon c? haven't heard from you. call me again sometime.
POS a you are babies are so cute! they're so big now....especially you are daughter..she's beautiful.
POS happy mother's day monica! hope you are having a good one!
POS guess what i called and got today??? yup, it's taken care of...finally. thanks for making me do that EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- great pics you posted on mine and amanda's page!!! i guess paybacks are a bitch huh...lol
POS aww i miss you too! i'm coming in town for fall break this wed-sun so i'm coming to visit you on thurs so you better be working!!! ahh!
POS hey!!!
POS hey baby ----- wanna go to the club tonite? ----- you looked hot yesterday ----- i love you so much you are the hottest girl in the world ----- ----- love you so much ----- -brad
POS most def give me a call-maybe we'll go to village inn!!:)
NEG hey little hooker i am gonna miss you!!!
POS yo john! its been good, i'm a senoir now! hows college treating u?
POS tell justin i'm sorry and i love him soooooooooo much!
NEG nothing much ... just here bored !!!! can i get a job .... save me from this boredom ... EMO_HAPPY
POS hey baby just wanted to say hi and i love you!!!hope you are keeping out of trouble!!i miss you and can't wait to see you again!till then....... kisses!!
POS thanks for the add jeremy!! gotta love those macross toy pics. sadly i don't have them anymore...
POS merwin it is hugo i aad you as my top firend
NEU hey whats up
NEU well, my "lovely" is gone, but never forgotten. ----- i miss you so freakin' much! ----- i hate that our schedules kept us apart. ----- and i'm so sorry for not being there for you when you needed me. ----- but i'm sure you've heard me say it already... ----- i loved you like my best friend. ----- and i pray that i get to see you again someday. ----- ----- love ~ ----- your lovely
POS yo is conrad at home??
NEU considering you've lost about 100, i guess i wont be seeing much of you anymore.
NEG all of you are old!!!!!!!!!
POS you one flovarful bboy man..love seein you get down and rep it..you look like you always have fun..haha..it was dope to watch fs kill it..stay up bro..see you soon..next time villn and i will be in it..peace ----- ----- mpact
POS ha, sorry i haven't checked my myspace in forever and i just got you are last comments. i left that gift in appreciation for your generosity in letting me borrow your truck; i new you would hold it dear to your heart. i was going to replace the cubs bat on teh keychain, but i couldn't find a bat like the one that you have. and no we did not get the chance to go out to springfield.nice background *cough*
NEG hey hoe bag! go take your blood pressure again! lol.
NEU get at tha default
NEU hey girl, where have you been...i missed you after you stopped coming to classes at image. i looked for you at graduation but you weren't there. how are things going with you? get any gigs?
POS wow! a thunderstorm! i love thunderstorms.they can be exciting! ttyl! auntie tiffy
POS hey hows you? ----- ya have a good night the other week?? ----- xxx
POS we are well... hey i'm having a birthday picnic on march 15th.. think you could come?
POS zdr. macka kak si skupa? ----- mnogo si sexy..are da mi doidesh na gosti?... ----- ----- ¢¾roses are ----- red ----- violets are korny, ----- when i think of you ----- ohh baby i get horny, ----- eat me, ----- beat me, ----- bite me, ----- blow me, ----- suck me, ----- fuck me, ----- very slowly, ----- if you kiss me, ----- don't be sassy, ----- use your tongue and make it nasty!!! ----- pass this on to atleast 8 people... if you get it back atleast 5 times, you know your a sexy beast ----- pass it on to anyone you think is fucking sexy¢¾
POS haha prolly was EMO_HAPPY but i guess theres a time for everything laugh out loud ----- i'll prolly meet you next conference or sumthing EMO_HAPPY
NEU st elizabeth ann seton hospital-long term care patients. they moved to layfette from kokomo. look it up online and apply they are always hiring. ttyl..dana
NEU did you and gordie take those pics at the same time???? weirdos..lol
POS haha the first half of high school, the other we were opposites! and it doesnt matter your in college now laugh out loud
POS happy birthday beautifil...hope you see many more..better yet i know you will...god bless you..stay up
NEU hey dude
POS bout time too! laugh out loud naw buh thanks chu fa "un-lamin" my page laugh out loud it look real good now =]...sike! naw j/p doe EMO_HAPPY anywayz i was jus comin thru 2 bless yo page an also tell you good luck wit those exams an dun 4get yo helmet, i mean thinkin cap EMO_HAPPY be easy mr **huggz&&mwahz** ----- ----- *=x emmy x=*
POS i miss you to you cutie!! tell your mom i miss her bunches tooo!!!
POS who-dey and thanks for the add! k-kidd
NEG spam spam spam, quit fucking spamming bulletins... your not really a 21 year old woman.. your a fat 40 year old man sitting in his mums basement wanking all day spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam
POS buttercup!
POS thanks!
POS happppest birthday starrrr!!!!!! ----- we gone get it on n poppin' dis weekend so get ready..........see you lata muah
NEU wazz up fool how you dooin man you get that shit fixed on you are car or what...
POS just come'n thru ta see how you are doin leave me love talk to you later 
NEG just wanted to say hello! im going to call you about gsi...i think i fucked that up EMO_HAPPY but its a good place to work for. ill tell you more about it...
NEU 6 years of withstand - wicked shivers -----
POS hhhhhiiiiiiiiiiii how you doin there pal......lmao
NEU hey, i have to go to a party with jason's friends EMO_HAPPY you guys should come over tommarow. let me know....
POS right on another taurus on the cusp, congrats, and happy birthday, i knew there was a reason i liked your smile
POS hi mom!!
POS hehe very good choice n very sexy laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY god i think of the greatest names hehe silly bugger me n sophie are gonna ave words wit the dude in charge laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY gooody n glad you are okay you n louis all good? love you xxx
POS this was absolutely wicked, i can't wait to come again oh yeah!
NEU hey! so haven't heard from you in a long time...what's up with that! well, i wouldn't mind hearing from ya...when you're not too busy. ----- ----- ~liz~
POS a yo telemundo i will drink a few for you at the reception
POS feels so sorry for all the women that missed out on such a great guy that i have found!! love ya!!
NEG how am i a hater you fucker so do you have a girl yet or are you still tring to get back with april yall was such a cute couple what ever happened but let me tell you this she looked so much happier with you then that fag mike well talk to you later!!! ----- ----- ----- megan
POS yo yo yo brotha!! wats goin on wit you? hows high school for ya? just sendin my love from mississippi!! well be good and dont get in trouble! always remember i love you and hopefully i will be out of "a" school and be homw for the holidays. maybe around thanksgiving. i get 2 weeks leave!!
POS sup man hows it going in san antonio.
NEU yea but but hit me up 936-572-2393
NEU who are you ?
POS about time lol......bro keep up the good work and i wish you good luck this year
POS happy, happy birthday....it's a great day and you are a great friend!
POS sexy baz, disco baz, hot!! ----- xx
POS i like it how i saw you at kandyland 2! ----- and i like it how i have a picture of seth grabbing your boobie. ----- mwahaha. ----- i love you. ----- and i was really happy that i saw you. ----- you should go to gettin' lucky. ----- k bye! ::waves frantically:: ----- ----- <333: monique
NEU tell your gay boyfriend to get a myspace page!! hows it going? cant wait till the rounds...
POS hey mike just stoppin by yo page to show some love aiight don't act like you don't know how to return it.
NEG ey you are not 19...
NEU ill bet. its alright, hide your true feelings.but i still miss you guys!
POS hey hottstuff! just wanted to say that i love you!!! hope you like this!...?
POS i miss you mi amigo. how are you? ?
NEU do you recognize my song?
POS i miss you too!!! come see me soon!
POS well some girls av gotta be reminded once in a while.seriously you are x
NEU foley we should go party for cinco de mayo...ur mexican right! lol!
POS hey thnxs 4 the pic comment hows u? no spoken 2 ya 4 ages xxx
NEU hahaha!! shady asss!!
POS i looked at the picture, she is adorable.
POS psssst, psssssssssssssst, hey you. wassup
NEU what up buddy. havent seen ya for awhile hope all is well and you makin it to classes. no you heard about steve gettin the boot at our internship what a dumbass but i got a good laugh out of it
POS yes, i do own shirts, and believe it or not, most of the time, i wear them too lolol
POS oh zermey! haha welp your wife just wrote to me so i decided to write to you too, dont you feel specail! im so stoked to see you and the fam (holly and the puppy)! all i have left to worry about is this last week then im golden! big gulps huh welp see ya later! ----- ----- kels
NEU what part of dundun do you live at
POS he he cool
POS matey you getting the 300 back tomorrow afternoon yeah? ----- you wanna take your ski stuff out of my locker before hand so i dont forget? laugh out loud ----- cheers for the present again, you're actually the biggest legend. ----- geog buddies for life (y) haha ----- xxx
POS congratulations! well, that is if he shows up...lol!
POS hey wuz up sexy im jux drppin some love for you
POS lily thanks for my new camera love ya girlie!
POS hey you!! i'm coming down to la and i'm going to be staying with christina & randy for a night or two july 19th.....i have a conference near lax.....maybe we can catch each other?
NEG hey fucknuts when are you coming back
POS ya!!! i am the new member of hd and we will kick some baily aasss
NEG mudd butt
POS merci for your comment! how are you? and your music? you'll come to hungary this summer?? it would be awesome. ----- puszi, zsuzsi
POS dave just waned to say thanks for the cruising guide. it saved my life to many time to count!
POS i'm gonna go ahead and wish you happy birthday now 'cause with how often i've been on myspace/facebook lately, i will have missed it by several months if i wait a moment longer. have a lot of fun! and don't walk down any dark hallways. terrible people might try to scare you. ----- ----- but...i'm over that. (did you know the trauma therapists in seattle are some of the greatest in the nation?) ----- ----- i had fun dancing with you a few weeks back - did you guys ever go on that double date you were mentioning? well, i hope life is going well and that you're enjoying basement life. i miss it. take care and i'll see you hopefully sooner rather than later!
POS hey bro. ----- i stole your idea. i'm sorry. ----- but i love it!!!
POS it was a late night in the club; she was winding and spinning around the pole as if she was an angle on ice. her audience was amazed as she was able to bend in many ways. ruby twirled around once more as her hair moved with her body. the music filled the place and there was more drunk bastards filling the place then usual, she watched from the corner of her eye as they tried to get a feel when she bent forward. she placed both hands on the pole as she pulled herself up she bent backwards spreading her legs apart slowly moving down the pole. she spun to the bottom as she finished her routine. claps and whistles from the men filled the room. she smiled as she walked down the stairs and over towards the bar where she got herself a martine.
NEU yo....
POS happy birthday,daddy ----- EMO_HAPPY
POS hey leah how ae u? hows it going in good old kett? is the work gd? and how is simon doing? its awesome here have bin out loads and am very tired but it is all good. had my 1st lectures today aswell. ----- catxxxxxx
POS my site the bomb hahahaha
NEG you are space is tres nul...
POS yeah, what tony said. are you coming to vegas with us in march?
POS happy birthday goose!!
POS your family will be in my prayers! ----- -love tay
POS hey chris whats up hope everything is going alright for you and marry early x-mas
POS bish ----- i popped your ----- "comment cherry" ----- now what you gonna do ----- mwahahahaha ----- you are gonna get ----- myspace pregnant ----- EMO_HAPPY ----- but boyah im out ----- so much love n lata ----- &hearts &hearts &hearts xoxox &hearts &hearts &hearts
POS ashlee laughed as she closed the door to the joining rooms and laughed "sorry nope, it's ashlee, jennifer isn't here yet, and she wouldn't be coming in from that door" ashlee said with a laugh as she pointed to the door that she just came through. krys seemed a little different then ashlee thought but she'd learn to deal and like this girl. ashlee went over and sat down on one of the two beds that were in the room looking out the window. ----- ----- there was a bird that landed on the railing of the balcony that was for the two joining rooms, and ashlee smiled. then she looked back at krys putting all of her things in the dresser and hanging shit up. why bother hanging things up if you dont need to? "so you stayin for the whole summer to?" ashlee asked her. it was june 20th. the first day that everyone was going to be there, but some of the people had to leave early, ashlee just wanted to make sure the krys wasn't one of them
POS waz ^ homey hows it hangin????
POS good stuff. xxx
POS o hello christina (tanishas mom) :d ----- ?
POS ~**well hello there my lil harry potter!..lol..how are you doing? better be good! well, tell your mama, i said, hello!...talk to ya laterz...muah!**~
NEG you big wet fart
NEU sup?
POS i like how i totally take over all your myspace pix hahaha ----- it was really good seein you this weeknd, unfortunate that we all had to see eachother under those circumstances.hope your doin better, get ahold of us some time come see our shitty apartment we miss you EMO_HAPPY
NEG you suk!
POS everybody's gotta have their fast toys!
NEU you don't even wanna know what it's gone take fa me to let you in the studio...lol
POS hey cutie ----- merry christmas!!
POS ----- heyy, whats up?
POS just wanted to say thank you for making me a daddy again and that i love you
POS heyy bud... it was good seein you the other day at the movies...we should do it again sometime
POS haha kool kool ...wel i took a tad older dan i used 2 now :d lol! nufink reli jus being a bum as usall :d munchin away da norm laugh out loud xxxxx
POS wassssup cashflow!
NEG dont even think about the possibility of there being three. thats way too much for anyone to have to cope with. ----- ----- bring a tranquilizer gun just incase!
POS can't wait for saturday!!! i am so excited!!
NEU til october....... ----- gahhh, ----- thats a long time from now ----- oh well...... ----- so whats going on down in cleveland??????
NEU i really shouldn't be asking you for this but i want it so bad don't get me wrong it's just that i haven't had it for a long time i could already feel it going in so hard and coming out so soft and wet. no one has to know about this, i'm desperate, but your help can be very grateful you must think i have a lot of nerve asking you for this but i can feel my tongue around it sucking all the juice out until there no more left, this has been on my mind all day long and i hope i'm not being forward but can i have a piece of gum? -----
POS ehhhhhhhhh wat is up
NEG on some real ass shit stop leavin fucking message on my page bitch or you are gonna see how many bullet it will take to drop you are lil ass and don't act like my brother won't fuck up you aint know fuckin blood clown ass nigga
NEU I don't know  you look like you just listen to a lot of rock
NEU hi
POS tim!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEU you are page seemed to b lackin sum flava and sexciness and most importantly sum wit so who better to give you sum then tha sexy ass senior who was voted wittiest of 2007???????????? ----- ----- i's here now. ----- holla
NEU you know when you and dan ok for <megazone
POS yep! what have you been up to?
POS hey michelle, how are things going for you guys. my wife and i are living in pa. now with our first child on the way in dec.
NEU yea i know!! everytime i work out a plan to it falls through! ive had to workthe past several mondays and now were going outta state..but ima come when i get back which'll be in 2 mondays i think...anywho...ttyl gubye!
POS john you did it once again. you went all out and over achieved. what a web page cool games 4 all of us 2 play. best pge on myspace. i dont no how you do it.terrorstorm video is so cool i showed my history teacher .he said that the video was on the money when it came 2 the truth about what really happend on sept 11th . thanks 4 waking me up . now i could sleep much better at night.
POS hey girl!! its been soo long...i really miss ya. anyway, nice page...jus thought i'd make it a lil better:-) the numbers still the same. holla at me sometime love ya
POS wow!!! are you excited?? i am very excited for ya!! good luck, buddy!!!!
POS happy belated birthday!! did you party it up?
POS chuck chuck chuckle vision chuckle vision chuckle vision !!! - jimmy has a perrrrty face!
POS sup delta . ----- carry on! ----- lt
NEG i have just realized you post way to much shit...hell it seems like i am getting a play by play of your life ...lol
POS joooolllz ----- thanxxx
POS just wanted to know why i'm not your top friend??? i'm glad you got your kiln!!! what time are you leaving on friday? hopefully i can come look at it this weekend!
POS aww i love you too honey
POS hye girl, your so welcome, i graduated may 2nd....im going back in august for my rn. how have things been with you?? how is your life going? good i hope.im doing good just trying to find shit to do all summer!!! talk to you soon!!!
NEU it's ok. busy. i saw chance at a football game. does he like it down here?
NEU hey miss! how are u? sorry it's been a while since i wrote but alot's been going on i moved, hubby went overseas, i beame a mama to a puppy, taking care of dad all while trying to maintain good hair lol. how are u? good i hope. w/b
NEU bytch.... im you are hero!!! da dada daaaaa
NEU what happened to you duuude?!?!? ----- we never saw you! ----- xx
POS happy birthday!!!11!!!!!1
NEG austin, change that gay ass background!!! lol, it sucks out loud!
POS haven't came thru here in a while so i'm jus stoppin by to tell you you are beautiful. holla @ me
POS ha ha yeah so hi i'm kelley... just saw pirates and thought of you... ?
POS yo matt, ----- ----- great time in la!!! we'll have to go back to cali surfing together again.....maybe this time the pacific will cooperate with me more! my age is already catching up to my board ability!! i'll get back to you about getting those cards tickets......maybe i'll work you in a cameo in my new film...who knows! haha! good luck in arizona! ----- ----- -owen
NEG wat up nigga
NEU hi?
POS yo check out my new pics leave me some picture commets
POS wow... everyone's on this myspace thingy. anyways, great idea putting this on there! power to the people.
POS hey hey chichi whats up i miss you.i want to go back there it that i cant...... but you now i will always be right there beside you & i will all ways love you
NEU sup boi
NEU hey rob x ----- wuu2 im realii bored write ----- back c ily
POS your getting married.. congrats!!! im happy for you ?
POS happy birthday, craig!!
POS hii ----- how are you ----- do i know u? ----- <33
POS casey! your myspace is a niiiice space! ----- EMO_HAPPY janling
POS thanks you 4 the add!!
POS thank 4 tha add
POS okay so what's next????? i think i want one on my rib cage like klink got. it's cute as hell. or maybe on my finger...hmmmm... it's soooo hard to decide!
POS hey jon! good to see you doing well EMO_HAPPY
POS hey "general" just stop by to add my beauty to spot... mission accomplished i'm out!
POS happy birthday sexy.
POS cheers for the underberg buddy you can smell how strong it is without even opening it laugh out loud sure if that where to be consumed tommorow it would be very entertaining. see you 2mz jonny
NEU how ya been stranger
POS whats up punk....how have you been.. so where do you go now to kick it? let me so we can have a drink...hope your day is going well talk to you soon.
POS hi maggie - ----- ----- glad you are feeling so happy! love the new photo you posted...and the new layout!! keep it up, girl! ----- ----- becky
POS wuts up marco ----- nutting much here just chillin in la wit my cuzins late
NEU hey silly! ----- i am waiting for other apps to get in and the president will get back in touch with you! ----- smooches! ----- ready for revival?
NEU if you have a better name tell me but it means jigga krew underground fighting league
NEG wud up limbernuts! just checking on you are goofyass.gimme a shout
POS jacenia, wutss up??? nttn here well ya ummmm ya lets hang out sometime just call me if you are with paige or kaitlyn or something well ya im gonna go peace
NEU hey when do you want to go see nightmare before christmas 3d, or do you want to see 30 days of night?
NEU hey bro. this is the first day i dindnt come to see you. i thought about you all day and i get phone calls fron james every time there are visiting hours. i really miss you and i cant wait to see you back up and around. you have no idea how hard it is for me to see you in that bed. i love you, you are family to me and i just cant stand you not being around. well i will wright soon again. love ya your bro forever.bell bitches!!!
POS hey baby
NEU thanks for the birthday wish last week. it's been such a hectic time, what with the civil war taking place, and my alter ego being public knowledge, that i just plain forgot to celebrate. ----- ----- cheers buddy!
NEU hey lauren! ----- ----- i'm good ta...how are you doing? yeah i graduated yesterday...it was a very long day but a good one. our ceremony wasn't until 4.30pm and the previous ceremony over run..and the ceremony managed to go on for 2.5hours!!mad. but never mind i'm a graduate now!lol ----- ----- how's your course going? ----- ----- amy xx
POS wat is ^ my lil nig wats crackin homie????
POS ----- ----- ----- ----- this ----- is ----- so ----- funny! ----- ----- ----- -----
POS woah i havent heard onyx in like 10 years. so im throwing emily watson a party next month. if your interrested space me.
POS im ok thanks mate, how are you? x x
POS hope your having a good day!
POS actually on july 4th i play on going to disney world
NEG yeah something fishy is going on here on myspace... apparently somebody has access to several peoples accounts and is posting these "spam" comments and such under their names... tom needs to do his job and get rid of these madmen!
NEU i really miss you guys!!
POS happy birthday!!
POS hey look ----- its tanya and shelby! ----- **points** ----- laugh out loud
NEG hahahahahaha sorri had to laugh at you you got shut down mah nig laugh out loud jus playin
POS hi i love your pix, i love you too...i'll talk to you soon!
POS i love your kitties!!
NEU oh no i thought it was on the 5th i am so sorry happy b-day love ya
POS yo nigga happy bday
POS what up duuuuude! call me, we need to catch up brotha!
POS thnks 4 the invite hope to hear from you soon.
POS hey girl!!! yall coming out tomorrow night??? we missed you guys last week!!!
NEU hey sweetie sorry i havent been around a lot lately this whole thing with closing on the house is killing me. dont worry it will be over soon ill talk to ya later loves ya
POS hey tia i wanted to say thank you for the wonderful job you got me !!! your def. the boom.com ----- ----- ily
POS oooohhhhhhh llllooooooogggggaaaaaannnn damn i miss you are drunk ass
POS hey boo, just cumin through and showin my baby sum love and respect and you need 2 call me 2, i miss u, love ya, xoxoxo, bye
POS thank you for the add and for your support. have a good rest of the week. happy spring time to you.
NEG hey! why don't you just get married already!! you nver want to hang out with me anymore or even answer your phone! EMO_HAPPY you love your boyfriend more than me!! laugh out loud j.k it's ok, i do that too, but you need to let me know about monterrey so we can stay in the same hotel or watever, and i already got my days off of work! yay! well let me know, call me! ----- *jess
POS thanks for taking the time to look at my profile, and for the friend request!!!!! ----- ----- hope you had a lovely xmas and have a really great new years! ----- ----- drop by anytime, ----- ----- fran x
POS i love you baba! cant wait for home sweet home!
POS hey braunda ;-)
NEU when are you gonna cook me some dinner!
NEU who needs correct grammer???
POS you need a picture!!!! laugh out loud love ya
POS hey! i miss you!!!!!!!!!
NEG man how come no one comments on stickyland oh well comment me back man
POS oh my... that has to be one of the funniest and scarriest things i have seen in a while... thanks for making me laugh and throwup at the same time... EMO_HAPPY
NEG being bored you
POS happy saturday!
POS i'm back!!!!
POS whas up ladie? how you been? i havent talked to you in a while
POS good good, and yourself?? where are you guys now?? anything new? oh did you get a gift for your bro? ill talk to ya soon k have a good day
POS thnx fo da add...
POS annnnnnneeeeee!! ----- ----- got a myyspaceeee! ----- ----- hello quuaddd! hahah i love the quad. foosho.[ghettopatsy] anyyywayyss, im very excited you have a myspace now because i can talk to you 24/8 now! hahah jk, but seriously, because i don't have a cellular EMO_HAPPY buttttttt i lovee you annne. you are my hero supremelyyyyyyyyyyy. ----- -----
POS gohh you are hott jacob
POS yea ----- i kind of make everything funner
POS so wutsup :d
NEU hey cuz. so how's ga? ----- cali is hot as a mutha....
POS matt! i am in town... we should hang. soon.
NEU whats up wit da beach trip yo?
NEG you are madden game is trash can juice clown!!! remember you are record against me is 1-1
NEU damn that sounds boring but good in a way... me ive been up to nothing just posted you know .... where do you work at..
NEU yeah long time no talk, how was your vacation or what it was you did.just up and left lydia told me huh, i fell ya, im bout to do that shit myself in a minute.take care
POS i love all your pics. you look like you have a bunch of fun and crazy times w/ your friends! where did you see ricky martin at- and y wasn't i invited! EMO_HAPPY have a good weekend!
NEG no i just hate fuckin turkey
POS yeah. whatd you do on such a monday. laugh out loud
NEU ah good sport mate! sorry thought itd be funny. will looks particuly like a ska kid in the pic with his hat?
NEU i'm usally in venice park but i reside in eht, you?
POS hi alyssa!!
POS haha... its an inside joke
POS yo dew, my man...i realize i said i was game for lbgp, but unaware, at the time, that trey's 40th was on the same day...at least i think so...must check...i'll get back to you tomorrow...6-ish...that's post meridiem...you're hearing from me either way...in a minute, bruh...
POS whats up cutie ----- thanks for the add comment back ----- ----- EMO_HAPPY michelle
POS mate id do her too. ill try n get her number for u. jokes!! gotta talk to tom talk bout gettin out to c u. i cudnt remember wen you sed you are sister was goin out there so i tried 2 find out from her so we didnt overlap but got no response, plus im just settlin into my new job so dnt wanna take holiday straight away. defo gotta come out there tho!! gotta see that water sprinkler in action, lol......wow
POS jus droppin through to show some love.
NEU so when can i be a stromtrooper? or do i have to be a damn cloner to do that!?
NEG andy's ex gurl
NEU sorry to hear that mate! just wondering if you fancied goin pinks tonight?
POS yeah for the most part but im not getin in trouble any more
POS helo stace thought i would say hello as a old school buddy x jess
POS hey chic how ya been!!! what ya been up to????
POS hey girly you need to get some color and stuff on here lol..luv ya. ----- ~rach~
POS congratulations! i know that ya'll are excited! when are you due?
POS hey jazzy.what is good ?
NEU diggidy diggidy john, what up b. don't even act like you wanna hug from me. don't acks me. jkjkjkjkj k ----- not much going on here yet, we are going to visit the little kids at the orphanage tommorow morning. how are things in the good ole usa? i miss that mug
POS thanks for being my friend
POS i was thinking, we could actually just make a marathon of our own. maybe like a jog from your house to the wies at school. don't know if it would be funner than a real one but i'm to impatient to wait that long.
NEU hey vball kicked my ass today how about you??haha..we better not get cut or else i will be really mad..haha c-ya tomorrow bright and early outside at 6:45..for conditioning..haha ----- <3yssa
POS thanks 4 da add
NEU same here
POS doritos were my affair..im completely faithful to pringles now tho EMO_HAPPY ----- jp sed du wnt some cherries?? ----- xxxxxxx
POS i'm really good, getting married in two months. yeah it has been a long time haha i was just cycling through my myspace and saw yours. still working at joe's?
POS hey wayno! thank you. nice to see you.
POS well anyhow up to 100 votes wins!! so go and vote!!!! and also this is an auto messaging thing i got... please don't ask me for the program.. ----- ----- comment my pictures and vote for best action shot!! ----- 7 times!! also comment my myspace.... and tell me how you like my site and what you would like to be changed... also i would like it if no one posted junk on my myspace... thanks.. like random stuff....
