NEG when the time comes for all to know it will be to late
NEG the first are a pair of devil horns , and the second look like a pair of cat or feline like ears
NEG i got ta feeling they partlishly took it off fomr mib anime ep form the american unless they took that one off from it , but the story is really different .
POS as we look at ways to be relevant , here is a good video perspective to consider -LRB- in order to avoid EMO_HAPPY -RRB-
NEG not a lot of `` removing '' going on here ... bucket teeth removal maybe .
NEU i love looking at old gravestones
NEG they represent hk . but considering how their last names are spelled , i think they are from china . they do n't get to represent china because they 're not as good as ma long , zhang jike and xu xin .
NEU xd okay ! um , i finished , but the whole thing is only about nine seconds , so i feel like it 'd be a waste to upload something so short as a video . would it be possible for me to e-mail the file to you ? or upload it somewhere , and messa
NEU so thats why they always tell you to wear a helmet ; i always thought the concept of damaging the head via falling off a bike was very unlikely
NEU haha at 4:00 alex looks so frustrated at whoever is opening the door .
POS a matty looks adorablee < 3 cuteiee vid eulia no more of me and matt please . ! -LRB- ;
NEU i got an ocarina just to play this song . and now , i must learn it on flute .
POS pastor morgan brought a powerful encouraging word to us in that service . i really enjoyed her . to god be the glory !!!
NEG if that was supposed to rhyme , it did n't
POS absolutely awesome !! impressive .
NEU hahaha '' stinker ''
NEU kya baat hai ! too sick !!
NEU i was waiting for tomorrow but i called today and they already have it since a few days . i am from argentina -LRB- south america -RRB- i really dont know how it works i think they dont respect release dates . next time i go i will make sure to ask and send you guys a voice mail .
NEU st. johns goes hard ! illmac ! also check out this artist named vinnie dewayne .
NEG yeah , because a minute and a half definitely equals 30 sec .
NEU great guy but this wasnt a special video lets be honest
NEG yea . . the senior cia analyst during saddam 's era is definitely not a credible source . he 's the last person who should be commenting on iraq . anyways ... i 'm done with this argument . good day sir .
NEU do anyone know if thats jim ryan in the background ?
POS yes i agree i had an 07 ego then switched to angel a1 and a kid at my local field had one and it shot smoother than my a1 wich i belive was about 40 % smoother than my ego now aday 's all guns $ 300 and over will do 20bps out of the box its just how you like the feel of it thats why i went angel beacuse i love the way they feel ,
POS loved the video joey it was awesome : o
NEU actually she reminds me of yuki from the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya .
POS this is such a high quality game i can not believe it . it is a lot greater than mw1 . ive only just attained the 2nd prestige ! i 'm so delighted . got the game only yesterday evening from mw2forfreeyinfo -LRB- replace y with . -RRB- but im undoubtedly annihilating most people !
POS epic song fo sho
NEU poor maddie !! EMO_HAPPY awesome chapter
NEU it sounds a bit like starn
POS awesome song danger danger rocks
POS this is my favorite song . he told me it 's about his guitar .
POS reminds me of some of the old timers up here in the hills ! awesome !
POS hahahhahaha i did that same thing with my smog eyesalhadow ! i put myself on a project `` hit pan '' like for a month i had to use only certian eyeshadows like ud 's smog . i used it literally everyday in september and i got so obsessed like when am i going to hit pan it 's been forever !! EMO_HAPPY so anyways i totally feel ya and basically were both crazy . EMO_HAPPY
POS i just love him ... a looooooooot ... he 's the ideal one ...
POS you are most welcome ... and if you have any questions , i am here to help .
POS infinite possibilities , thanks for postingone love EMO_HAPPY
POS i love this !!!! way better then the original :d
NEG were the fuck are the lyrics you suck man ... but the song is great . . soad forever
POS it 's `` phenomenon '' by thousand foot krutch
NEG jeez i was starting to think you would n't post up my tage > . > laugh out loud thanks but i 'm not in the description : o
POS ian gillan is the best ... ...
NEG looks like we 're not guna see kenpachi 4 a couple more episodes
NEU everytime i bun 1 , its this tune dat gets repeated ! peepz listen 2 what both are saying ...
POS chocoolate ! :d
NEG oh my god . i was there & i just about died when he did that .
POS i eman 1st best 1 the 3rd 1 , 2nd best is the 1st 1 , 3rd best is the last 1 .
NEU
POS jimmy carr mkes me happy , ill go and watch that now ... you failed
NEU i was able to get airpwn working . you really need three wirless card to be efficitve
POS laugh out loud
POS oh my god how old is the youngest one?shes really good at guitar : dgreat job :d
NEU then he fired jimmy johnson !
POS fantastic quality thanks so much
NEU beautiful bbw women for dating naneedj.info
NEU not specifically for gentiles quran 's message is for all human being , we should avoid using this jewish term gentile . wasalam
NEU a little gain , .
POS this is really cool , i hope you publish the book , i 'd love to read it . if you do n't mind , could you tell me what the name of the very first song is . please and thank-you .5 stars by the way
NEG listen , fuck off . just because you have something that is `` yorkshire '' does not mean you have to put t ' in front of random fucking words in your desription . yes we do it but not as fucking much as that . do you do the subtitles for coronation street ? because apparently lancastrians do it all the time aswell
NEG i never said anything about a one time experience or calvin or spurgeon .
NEG sucked so bad
POS hella dope !
NEU yes be an american scholar . . lol !!!
POS even in 8 bit this music rocks .
NEU it 's not that hard .
NEG that would be the same scientists who falssified and withheld evidence that contradicted their global warming theory , yes ?
NEG watever kid you dont know wat the fuk you are talking about you are stupid y would you say that if you are username is osiris
NEU well , this was made a while back , so rules might have been different .
POS now that 's an opening to a video .
POS my favorite myrtha does it again .
POS superba ...
NEU i miss my 09 xb :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
POS love this scene . f & f are the best couple .
NEU ... ... . .
POS instant classic . boon where are you playing all your synths from ?
POS tears in my eyes ! i wish they would 've talked at least a little about secretariat 's relationship with eddie sweat - his indespensible groom ! i seriously can not wait for the movie to come out this fall !!
NEG repitition : change change change change `` yes we can '' yes we can yes we can lmbo . they 're all the same and yes that is true but i have to say the end is near i 've never seen as many people mind controlled as with who the nwo just put in power smart move on their part stupid people to think he is diff . then bush they work for the same ppl .
NEG you would get raped by cross fire .
NEG lmfao 9prelude .
NEU 1:41 i know that guy who 's pointing ! o-e
NEU you ave been to bradford and to westbury so when are you gon na do trowbridge laugh out loud
POS if you wan na help go to thedenanproject .
NEG i cant believe anyone would thumbs up hernje on anything .
POS i know right !! workout music !!! i EMO_HAPPY kandi !!
POS so do you think black holes definately do n't exist or do you think they may or may not exist ?
POS if you like this , check out quantic .
NEU haha no bigge and hmm im on a mac so just try to expian it the best you can k
NEU 1st to veiw
POS peace !
POS thanks . EMO_HAPPY
POS love the tennis match , , great video ty
POS this is a song that was a signature song for average white band that hit the souls of my youths growing up in the city during the 70 's . i know , because that 's what it did for me and my friends .
POS haha they 're hilarious together ! thank you for subbing EMO_HAPPY
NEU hey i just got the same heli ! can you help me ? i broke a part on it and need to find a place where to buy spare parts but ca n't find any online EMO_HAPPY
POS nice vid
POS he 's so sweet ! i EMO_HAPPY himmmm !
POS you looked very nice .
POS one of my favorite 's by joanna . she 's simply an amazing musician .
POS she 's so beautiful !
NEU dude , its a video , but im kinda thinking that is a poplar , not a red oak ...
NEU what the hell is that thumb print on the screen thing ? must get one of these , lol ! zx has never been bettered or more up to date than this piece of globalist piece of scanning equipment . stick to the speccy and dump these mobile phones .
NEU the joys of alcohol !
NEU yeah , i especially got that vibe with the interconnected dwarven origins.but jowan is an idiot , * especially * after you get to know him in the mage origin.nooo , we spawned from the base ... bwahahahaha !
POS simply incredible .
NEG > . > you are a fag
NEU why is the next one your last one
POS compliment : you have beautiful eyes !! and pretty long lashes too ! EMO_HAPPY
POS nice job ! EMO_HAPPY
POS its called techno ! the words make this song important , `` the whole wide world is a very narrow bridge , but the important thing is not to worry . ''
NEU the guy in the crowd at 1:07 reminds me of david archuleta ... ?
NEG fucking cunts .
POS will is so talented ! he is also my cousin laugh out loud
NEG only when we remember our `` inalienable rights '' were granted to us by god and not man will we be immune from the brainwashing this documentary uncovered . those `` crazy '' psychiatrists proved that the inmates are often running the asylum . the bible could not be more accurate in describing the human heart as `` wicked & deceitful '' . we are selfish , play `` mind games '' and try to dominate each other in our families & also internationally . our only hope resides in our humility and love of god .
NEG tommo is a cockflap . there 's shit-all chance of 6 music being cancelled .
NEG npns - no plug , no sale !
NEU i watched this show as a kid.i had a huge crush on dana plato ... too bad she got hooked on drugs and died . EMO_HAPPY
NEG it 's all that damn clown 's fault , !!!! two fucking dollars man !!!!
NEU kwl
NEU that 's not what he 's trying to get across . wolves do n't make their teeth . he 's saying if we were in the wild , with just ourselves , just like the animal kingdom is , we would be extremely low on the food chain .
NEU yeh and it was easy , like always :d
POS a + + + jolly good show
POS so do i. : o
POS thanks for commenting and watching !
POS this video is really cool
NEU jesus also said not to judge
NEU actually your wrong the tmobile g2 for the us has stock android no sense
POS lol ... onion is great ...
NEU mhmm ... the scene where danny pushes lindsay down keeps bothering me ... it looks as if it was n't lindsay ... her hair is black and long ... xdannoying ... i should sleep more ... ;-RRB-
POS where is the clap !!! that is my favorite part !!!! besides the build at 4:27 . the release at 4:45 gives me goosebumps ...
NEG thats not texas for you thats 100 % shamrock right there ... i lived in that town for 3 years and it was a hell hole
NEU yes i did answer this question a long time ago , but thanks for telling me anyway , i was planning to go from amman to l.a direct then take another airline to s.f ! so i travel with r.j i 'll just go to jfk then take a plane from delta or aa and go to s.f , , p.s royal jordanian is a good airliner
NEG these ads are becoming parodies of themselves now .
NEU needs the money , naa he 's loaded man
POS thanks for posting all of these bernstein mahler 3 movements . this is not only beautiful music interpretation , but also extremely fine filming . what a find for me here . thank you .
POS you can get this on anime-online . c -LRB- -RRB- m for ? 1 if you want , its good .
POS i agree , the last minute and a half is musical perfection . i listen to all genres and i 've never heard anything as beautiful as it sounds . it 's what i imagine being played in heaven . no joke . it really shows their evolution as a band .
NEU ohh my bad xd
NEU where are other episodes .
POS hearns all the way . i love sweetpea , but hearns was not only a big hitter , he could outbox the hell outta guys as proven by the fact that his only loss by decision was at the age of 35 . hearn 's may not of had the best chin but the guys who ko'ed him were big punchers , something pernell was not imo.hearns by ud .
POS i love you man . keep up the great work . ' ? let your food be your medicine , and your medicine be your food ? '' - hippocrates ... og gangster.ps : read eat , pray , love
NEG you are a weird spaz
POS tht was a great movie i am excited to meat emily and katharine thunmbs up the werewolf rlly surprised me i had no clue it was a werewolf movie i thought it would be kind of like carrie bc theyw where so outcasted it makes sense jst think about it
NEU okay - i guess your referring to other video 0-140mph class 395
NEG datwaz rubbish never seen something so rubbish balddyyy
NEU i 'm studying mental health nursing and we are made well aware of the fact that most people who have a mental health problem become fully well . what you say is not borne out in the literature ...
POS child , you are such a talent . love your work and your soulful vibe.kathryn keats
POS thank you very much !
NEU spiders freak me the fuck out , but i only tolerate them for you guys ! this is amazing .
NEG how come there are only guys ? strange ... something is being hinted here ...
NEU gon na take you for a ride !
POS i do n't have fibromyalgia but i i do suffer from depression and insomnia . for my depression i take the generic of prozac which is fluoxetin . i take 50mg of that . for my insomnia i take the generic of ambien which is zolpidem -LRB- 10-30mg -RRB- . usually i 'm asleep within 30 minutes of taking the zolpidem . it is extremely helpful . i hope i was able to help you in any way .
NEG for starters it was not hitler 's emblem . it was originally the buddhist symbol for good luck . that probably explains why hitler stole it .
POS i love synthesizers ! this song is so uplifting and beautiful = -RRB-
POS that switch back tail vince did near the end was fucken sick !!!!!!!! hopefully he gets turned pro after the chocolate vid drops
POS that was masterfully done by kurt angle ! that 's why he is one of the best in the wrestling business today ! stone cold thought he had angle beat and so did booker t but out of nowhere and within a blink of an eye he turned the tables on them and became the wcw champion ! well done kurt angle !
NEG oh my god only 47 views !
POS he is a perfect presentation full package
NEU wow i always thought vbied stood for very big ied ... laugh out loud although i guess it is rathr large ...
POS i 'd do his drummer
POS ba ba booyah ! go spouse !
POS are you kidding !! he made fast people look slow . i mean he out ran darrell green in one game . who is considered by many people the fastest player ever .
POS one of the greatest displays of the human spirit in the history of mankind . the world will now look to chile for inspiration . they did the impossible , all the trapped miners and rescue workers showed the world what unity is all about .
NEU she had a nice butt 30 years ago - ?
NEG i have the ns7 and all i can say is ca n't numark just back up one product make that the flagship product and market the hell out of it . why does numark always do the same thing over and over again ? the v7 looks cool but honestly it 's just a way to sucker us out of more money .
NEG i 've already done so , several times in fact , and all you do is keep citing the same discredited studies , links , and ` authorities ' . and you 've now expanded your bloviating to include ` every science academy on the planet ' ... superlatives such as that are concessions on your part ... as everyone can see .
NEG usual leftie , foaming at the mouth crap . national union of teachers - in other words commies who hate their own race . thank god for the bnp . come on nick , let 's get you into westminster and really sicken them .
POS this movie is better than what critics have said . the ending is far fetch , but thats hollywood baby .
NEU intro \ m /
POS ahh im the first to comment aswell!love it roddie
NEG maybe for ptop , but for multipoint and interop their codian mcu has to transcode everything ! it takes alot more than 30ms to transcode 720p , try 300ms .
POS hey i seen that tractor just last week EMO_HAPPY i got a gold key tour there . wach our 9430 be built
NEU toi muon tim lai cac anh qua su lien he cua anh toi co trung uy nguyen ngoc rang 81 bcd chuyen sang loi-ho , don vi nhay toan cuoi cung kontum
NEU i havent watched this show in like months and im glad that they stopped flagging videos
POS ... but an ideal standard -LRB- 1980s batch -RRB- handle EMO_HAPPY
NEU after watching so many tutorials , i still cant land the plane using ils . i 'm missing few basic things out but dont no exactly what .
NEU any stock pics this week ?
NEG are you fucking stupid ? you seriously believe in a worldwide flood ? like , 2 by 2 the millions of different species of animals skipped onto an ark ? did n't kill eachother , had enough food for their specialized diets for 40 days and were appropr
POS that 's amazing ! now babies and young children can swim by themselves .
POS even though i did n't know it at the time , living in silver lake in my early 20s was one of the best experiences of my life . i was going through some hard times back then , and if i had n't been in such a tolerant , laid back community , my troubles would have metastasized . i will be forever grateful to the community of silver lake for giving me the space i needed to become the productive member of society i am today .
POS i keep coming back to your performance of this magnificent piece , surely one of the noblest in the organ repertoire . it combines youthful exuberance with a remarkably mature msical insight . a fine organ , too - but i would love to hear you repeat this on a real cavaill ? - coll - st sulpice or st ouen , for example .
NEU ya sure you do !??
NEU bra sleepy will neva die uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!
POS nice !!!
POS a tribe is the effen best
NEU hes voice sounds so different geez not like the other vestion of game of death the lost fotage
POS yea i hope she 's alright
POS she is absolutely awesome for a 3 year old . it is amazing that she was able to memorize that whole routine at her age . however , i must agree with a lot of the posts . her poor neck and spine take a lot of impact when she lands on her head like that . i bet a doctor would cringe if ? they saw her do that over and over again . hopefully she wo n't have any neck or back pain later in life from this . that being said , you are awesome little lady !!!
POS wow the blonde girl is super yummy
NEU those things are stupid . whats the point in having a bb30 frame if you convert it back to standard.its better to use bb30 bearings and then convert the inner diameter of the bearings down to shimano standard with wheels manufacturing adaptors .
NEU holy crap o meter lolololol
NEU does that mean he sleep with the queen ?
NEU i know some of the people in this video ! laugh out loud
NEU bj is gon na walk right through this guy
NEU it sure is .
POS i love this song !!! this video is great !
POS genn is made of magic
POS no problem ! EMO_HAPPY
POS so good ! wonder what nick is going to say ?
NEU usagymnast `` scott brown was definitely an eye candy in 1982 . `` old mares like you should n't be thinking nor talking about sex .
POS no way ! i played against t rey at sd team tourney years ago -LRB- 98 ish -RRB- . and ahart ? love the shorts and moustache combo ! diggin these old skool vids !!
NEU what was up with the abandoned midgets at the end ?
NEU i use this with my 11.5 . the recoil reduction is noticeable , but not so much as a good comp like the fsc556.test , test , test this with your duty ammo if you in le !! it works with hornady 75 grain tap , and with the 75 grain practice ammo that i 've tried . i 've seen it used with 55 grain tap and 55 grain practice ammo without any trouble , but we did n't use much 55 grain tap .
POS oh my god sssoooo cute EMO_HAPPY he looks like my baby yorkie when i got him EMO_HAPPY hes a year old now my babi EMO_HAPPY
NEU you talk to her we translate mworld5.info
NEU ayyy pero no me gusta por que no salen los de mas de los amigos . . como mi micky , carlitos , justa , norma . . marina , marquitos , los papas de isa y los de mas ... ellos completaban el show EMO_HAPPY espero que recrezen al show
NEG you try cooking while giving a presentation , you dick
NEG who can watch this ?
NEU panthers on the railway nice
NEG to me , the bailout was a necessary evil to prevent economic armageddon . however , the bailout should immediately have been followed with the kind of legislation being proposed here by bernie , in that we force the treasury to identify those banks that are dangerous to our country and to break them up -- teddy roosevelt-style . by taking the bailout , those banks showed that they do n't deserve to stay intact .
NEG for earth day , i celebrated by . . going to my local deli , purchasing as many sandwiches as possible , throwing them all in the trash , then taking those styrofoam boxes and digging them deep in the earth in various ity parks . it was awesome . i felt good afterward because i knew i had done my part that day !! also took all the non-biodegradable trash from my garbage and strewn it around as many school gardens as i could find.it truly was a wonderful earth day !! yay !!!!
POS glad you enjoyed it and thanks so much for the kind words !
POS try warpin rodney mullen and his tech skate style
POS love it ! is the kid chris ' son , maybe ?
POS i love this show .
POS dude , this is really good . indeed , the theme music raped my ears , but this was exactly the kind of thing that needs to get posted more often . bravo .
POS wonderful
POS lol . i ca n't believe she said '' i am the only white person in the village ! ''
POS omg , i had no idea ... i 'm soooo loving this , wes ! i 've been into grass since i was 15 -LRB- preferring big grin festivals to rock concerts -RRB- and loved the birchmere back home .
POS good job .
NEG i didnt ask you to watch it or comment it so shut up it aint my fault you thought it was porno or something well srry 2 dissapoint ya perv
NEG you 're horrible lol , fucking clicker go die
POS 2:27 jojo ! :d
NEU people just cant believe how great this team was and i mean team .
NEG bad audio EMO_HAPPY
NEG i really do n't like ten chances because players waste the rest of their chances on the 2nd prize .
POS niceee
POS oh my god that trey is so fucking sexy
NEU it should b 0000 if you havent changed it
NEG how did iran get the s-300 !!! please !!
POS great video
NEG give me the live cow right over the table ill carve off what i want and ride the rest home dum dadadumdadadum
NEU r.i.p j-roc
NEU haha nojgxbjgegiyfhi
NEU hardcore
POS awesome ! thanks . i will drown trying !!! i hope to get it , hopefully tomorrow .
NEU i prefer kevins new hair style the old 1 looked like a broken mop .
NEU yea this is all fine and dandy but it dosnt have any good games yet , so this dosnt even matter .
NEU that made me laugh ! now where are those panties ?
NEU sometimes i wish my hair was short and styled like that , im sure my alter-ego does her hair like that though EMO_HAPPY
POS kim k. recommending kim s. was sufficient enough for me to get interested . i have been using a modified snider investment method for the last 3 years very successfully . i am very impressed with her both as a system builder , and a financial advisor . thanks goes to both kims.glen
POS like you would n't believe . that man makes me want to buy out a bb & b store .
NEG um ... .
POS he is awesome and i now enjoy the cod 4 game play wayyy more now ...
POS hey that is really cool . great background music.i also learned that i need set the camera down instead of holding it . thanks for teaching this old dog some net tricks.regards , gary `` eronstuc ''
NEG pufffffff ... blah blah blah . . girl is your dad , jerk !
POS awesuuummm !!! first comment !
NEG fml
NEG it 's raining asbestos on them
NEU haha the thing on his helmet
POS me too EMO_HAPPY will watch a few mins :d
POS oho , nice ;--RRB-
NEU the library -LRB- michel -RRB- .
POS cool
POS this is a cool video .
NEG playstation and philips were both paid by nintendo to make the cd addon . when nintendo decided `` cds are not the future of gaming '' -LRB- yeah , nintendo . ahead of their time , though always leaving their foresight at home -RRB- they dumped both and thus
POS i love watching your videos . no bs plus you have a very nice speaking voice ... have you tried out for the food channel ? thanks ...
POS wow was that a tv in there ??? weird !
NEU first
POS cool david ~
NEG , i dont believe in bible codes . i am certain the heavenly father would have said '' i leave you with my living word for your benefit and as a blessing to those who listen to these words ... ... but oyu will need a doctorate in history and math
POS some great info ! i 'm very excited to see more talks from this year get posted !
NEU how old do they cast the role ?
POS inspiring
NEU jesus is the only way to god there is no other
POS awesome !
NEU ya know lukes friends at the battle of hoth that flew around with him who he was talking to over the walky talkys in the fighters it was them watch it again and youll see it was episodes 4 and 5
NEU new , laugh out loud
POS i was there i met the after the concert !!!! hehe they 're amazing !!!
NEU no . go dl fear . way before psych and way better i 'm sure : -RRB-
POS that last `` tun tun tun tun tun tun ! '' cracks me up xd
POS i think we all know that the trumpet player was excellent but man on man , the orchestra backing him up was superb . very musical and followed all the dynamics ... true professionals .
POS artistic ... talented man
POS of course that 's fake , they have tons of interviews together where they absolutely love each other . even extras on the dvd where they 're all goofing around
NEU laugh out loud
POS 4:15 , pretty cool moment .
POS i just love this song , very goog song :d
POS so wonderful job !
POS my favorite part was the ending with jack saying `` did you miss me ? '' nice !
NEU sacredclan/oakclan/iceclan / forestclan/emberclan / anyother clans -LRB- clan video -RRB-
NEG a knob wow how old are you kid like 12 what would your mom say if she knew you were using that kinda language . go get a life
NEU i din eat the cookie god ... i din eat the cookie !!!
POS beautiful !
POS yeah they would be able to engage
NEG raven needs 2 c 'm back eric young sucks i wan na c him leave tna g2 shitty wwe
NEU oh and also how much room is on the delta hang ledge
POS great style . really smooth and clean .
NEU omg . that 's so horrible .
POS its a chicken !!! and yep . 50 bucks . EMO_HAPPY
POS :d yugioh references laugh out loud
NEG the republican party is dead !!! laugh my ass off
POS awesome
NEU with all due respect ithink you need to catagories the contents to make it more fluid in use . just a thought . i dig the bag though
NEG as did i
NEG make that 4 people . i hated that guy ! we were glad to get rid of him
NEU i can do that shit ... lol EMO_HAPPY
NEU i am unsure of the grammar here . what would kill himself ? how much he states humans?calm down , re-read and then post . it will be okay . though i do think he has any allegiance save to knowledge .
NEU actually , it is easier for me to do on bar because my hands do n't move around freely . on rings , it takes extra effort to maintain your false grip . by the way , i am the guy in the video and on bar i have done this same workout in 20 seconds l
NEU does anyone know the best winter lure
NEU sick video !!! 2010 world cup at windham mountain !!
NEU , not quite correct . old school was ahead overall in sub-total of both the quarter-finals and the semi-finals until the finals , but storm front outscored them in both the semis and the finals . it 's just that the amount by which storm front outsc
POS my favourite ballet . the second act is the best bit , -LRB- if there is one ! -RRB- thanks for sharing .
NEU tylko po co ? wasze ego , chcecie byc wyjatkowi ? otwieracie sie na sily demoniczne , kt?re wykorzystaly sataniste monroe aby opracowac metode , zwiesc ludzi i odwr?cic od boga w tym uzalezniajacym procesie z kt?rego ciezko sie wyrwac , a slad na psychice , grzech i duszy pozostaje . demon juz zawsze bedzie dzialal w waszym zyciu czy tego chcecie czy nie niszczac wasza psychike i zycie . niekt?rzy przypisza to smiercia i pieklem ! wiecej o zagrozeniach cykl dokumentalny `` jarmark cud?w '' . nic nie zyskujecie !
NEU fairytales ca n't be changed ? oh , that 's not true . we 've been changing them since forever !
POS when carlos was on lsd playing his guitar , he actualy thought that the neck of his guitar was turning into a snake , so he had to fight that fear and play amazingly at the same time , fucking amazing :d
POS that was great fun rick . you are are a fun host too - cracked me up . also great questions and all that . !!!
NEU i also saw it !
POS you are most definitely an open channel ! your videos just keep getting better and better . your sense of color and balance is amazing .
POS robin hood is my favourite one ! :--RRB- hahaha
POS dara is not only cute or sexy 2ne1 is not the same like others group they are the best because they are not just cute , pretty , sexy unlike the other using that effect but 2ne1 they have everything sexy , cute , pretty , hot , cool and talented !!! go go go dara park and 2ne1
NEU just live your life ! whatever you are , make your small happy life
NEU hey nutnfancy what blade are you using at 18:00 -18:03 ?
POS there is a song here that every country music fan can relate too sometime in their life ! thank you for your great uploads !!!!!
NEU he a sniper just like me
POS thanks for helping me against that heavy .0:49
NEU how can you not like shaggy and shabba ???? lmao !
NEU i soced the guards . only cauthrien survived :-RRB-
POS she has an aretha sound , she can definitely get some work as aretha 's background singer or even do demos for aretha , she 's interesting , i wonder if she lives what she sings , these poor women who these men take it through .
POS i burned the disc and stuff just like you said . only problem is that when it says '' click the button below to restart your computer and begin the installation process . '' i click restart and it just restarts . that 's all . no installing occurs . could you help me out with this ? thanks and great simple video instructions . i 'll rate it 5 stars once i get this working .
POS great video !!!
NEG hello ? -LRB- it 's the brain -RRB-
NEU illuminati ? ha , ha . i read the book . excellent . the movie , not so much . she 's such an idiot and a fake !
NEU i agree . bullies & haters are wrong in every sense of the word .
NEU most convicted killers that have been cleared and freed did n't have as much evidence to exonerate them as there is for ala. if ala can not be cleared on the prints , dna and handwriting , nobody could ever be cleared of a crime . to accept ala 's guilt is to deny solid physical evidence in favor of witch hunting , sophistry , invented factoids and wild speculation . some think that 's stronger evidence than prints , dna and handwriting . if that evidence is so weak , then nobody could ever be convicted .
NEU will be trying this tonight . i might bake them instead of frying . i just feel that potatoes especially mashed will soak up every bit of the oil . frying is always yummier , but since i 'm pregnant , everything fried gives me indigestion ...
NEU i hope so too . it 's still a great city and will always be . thank you for your support
NEU yh you are rite soul touching and very sad ...
NEU his hat is fuking sik 5:10
POS these are the days these are the moments that pass us by
NEG apples taste good but oranges taste good also . i just summed up your stance on any two opposing issues , do you work in congress ? allow me to stereotype you : spineless , unprincipled , panderer . any one will work .
NEG dizaster sucks
NEU ok so shep 's ship is totally a guitar . it even has a whammy bar !
POS sex , drugs , rock-n-roll !!!
NEU im a dance minister and when there is song of warfare on sometimes it just be like that . you got to minister to your self and stomp satan all the same time . amennn
NEG vanguard of justice my ass more like the vangurd of low down cheating mother fuckers
NEU when was this video made ? i did n't see it in the credits
NEG you could n't be a libertarian and believe the way you believe
POS this is my new favorite super furry animals song
POS totally agree with you . liked them for a couple years now .
NEU dude just go to the apple store snow lepord is there !
POS yeah its totally worth it
POS so dope ... !!!
POS charmed laugh out loud
NEU ok , you pa boys can stop showing off now . we know y' all have all the power we drool over in the rare times it gets south of you .
POS i was a little kid when i heard this song in my moms cd 's . i dont remember how old i was but i remember i didint understand the words to well , but i fell in love . i fell in love with the music and the words my small brain could pick up . great era of music .
NEG ? this swucks
NEU you got a camera mark !!!!!!!
NEU what is a pyro fx
POS great video steve ! i remember the first time i read john muir 's description of the ice cone , i was amazed by it . to see it through your eyes is pretty cool . love the time lapse of the creek too .
NEU thanks for the advice i will consider that the next time i get them twisted up .
POS thank you ! EMO_HAPPY
POS fantastic . thanks for posting . and rod ... sort it out !
POS legit
NEU shits perfect
POS that gave me chills . ... so very excellent .
POS yes
NEG wow , you expect to have a civilized discourse with that kind of pessimistic dualistic attitude ? the reason my responses seem `` dumb '' to you is because i 'm pointing out all of the contradictory fallacies in your arguments . my responses are m
NEU gld etf is stored in london .
NEG havent played since i broke my wrist last year ... its still not 100 % yet ...
POS i can not thank you enough for this incredible information . you are living proof that the raw food diet is miraculous . you are so beautiful ! thank you so much for your example and for being such an inspiration . i want to look as beautiful and be as healthy as you are !
POS that is the best video i have seen on what the argument is.thank you
NEG laureen cheated laureen cheated she cheated fukin cheated
NEU andy milanokis !
NEU i wish the `` nashvilles '' would pull their heads out of their asses and promote more music like this , there are very talented songwriters out there , but the nashvilles are ignoring them . i do n't understand why they are promoting this `` hip hop '' country of today . sure it sells , but there is stuff out there that would sell better .
NEU i think at 0:57 he was going for another soccer kick but then remembered he was in the wec laugh out loud
POS wow neon another episode your uploading alot today
NEU hey got a question about this if you dont mind . do i have to control when it starts swelling ? or does the pedal know when to do it ? im not sure if you understand this , but in simpler words : `` does the volume start swelling everytime you pluck a note ? ''
POS i think im in love . . laugh out loud
NEG try and make you are vids more clear
NEG why do you have that if you do n't have 2
NEG hmm , who would i rather have talking about foreign affairs ? a ball of bushisms ? or this guy?great speech barack . i 'm sure another hundred years in the middle-east would reallllly help israel . hah ! yeah right .
POS love the amv.omg . that 's my tv ! : o
POS on thing to say to cobra commander cooooooobra .
POS good job !
POS i love this film
NEG pitiful that the federal govt does n't give a damn about the very folks that voted them into office . it 's absurd to enforce a regulation/law that requires a pharmacy , or any business , to operate below cost ! this is just plain wrong ! as we say in the south - that dog wo n't hunt '' .
NEU wrd6807 76mf3i2 fr2j070 483v42 772
POS aww shes so cute ny little brother does this too
POS wow , sickest commentary ever , he 's playing assasins creed on gow2 ! loool
NEU laugh out loud a mage queen huh xp
NEU te amoo !!! wera !!! estefani eres mi todo un dia te voy a tener a mi lado si tu me degaras < 33333333
NEG which is what i origionaly said obama is waisting all of the tax payers money spending waaay too much and not spending they way he should .
POS this is the best pcts live show ever
NEU that really cool but get a life
NEU estuvo vacano eso !!
NEU looks like fun and the air strip is by my house . i go by it on the way to the town dump . one day i 'll get my ultralight .
NEG snoops fucking baked
NEU `` actoring '' ?
NEU thanks for posting . its so old !
NEU im startin to wonder an worry dude
POS cool . good job ! and dope tracc ! straight up grin shit!thanks 4 tha upload !
POS wow your lyrics are awesome :d love the key of awesome . always entertaining
POS lve daa song EMO_HAPPY
POS you 'll always mean so much to me ... ... thank 's for being such awonderful friend ... . i 'll just keep right on proving that good friends were meant to last ...
NEG why is jack seemingly nude when he 's scared ? xd
POS i completely just fell for you ... you i will see in namibia .
POS florence is my favorite city in the entire world ... and , believe me , i 've been around . i love love love that you were so slow and deliberate in your filming of my favorite city . i wll visit your post ofte ... and wish i were back in the land and city that i love ! gracie !
NEG you freak !
NEU who loves google ? EMO_HAPPY
POS looks damn good ! ca n't wait to see it !
POS yippy ! i was just telling my brother that i was having nutnfancy withdrawals because its been about a week since your last vid .
NEU i mean to say with the media would give ron paul at least a 1/10th of the time that obama gets
NEU he makes it out less than it is . he does n't see it as much of a problem .
POS good
POS you go girl !!! if everybody were a diva then asshat ceos might get their act together !!!
POS better than shiny toy guns .
POS awesome
POS i like the bit where she jumpes to the floor and it dos n't blow up and then it blows up and she gets back up and when it blows the second time then she jumps well at 3:21 / 4:10
NEG in the past four years , bayh collected more than $ 1.7 million in pre-tax income when she exercised stock options from two of the corporations . her actual income from exercising stock options is higher , but the details of one transaction were not publicly reported .
POS alison moyet 's looking bloody terrific ! wowser x
NEG cavs have a terrible bench , pietrus outscored the whole bench and hes a bench warmer as well so cavs are a team that breaks in the playoffs so next season you will see lebron on the knicks
POS i voted 4 him last time ... i hope more peolple would wise up ...
NEU cuando va a ser el dia q piensen mas como deportistas y no como ingnorantes perdedores de la vida , q solo saben insultar a los demas equipos . q lastima me da ver esto , y pensar q yo tambien soy uruguayo ... me da asco la mentalidad de todos los fanaticos , q lo unico q hacen es agredir , y no respetan a los otros equipos ... es muy facil odiar . me imagino q es la mentalidad uruguaya , nos gusta lo facil . q desgracia !! apoyen el deporte muchachos , no la violencia !
NEU yeah , actually i kind of felt that way myself . i 'm probably going to go in and add a few more smw areas to better even out the sonic : mario ratio .
NEU killer !
POS what a beautiful look that i can wear anywhere . i do n't recall seeing you use pigments . do you like them or use them ? if so , i would like to see a step by step tutorial .
NEU i would suggest that to stop it bowling outwards 1st slow your wheel down and 2nd make sure you collar the top in before lifting like i do which helps to counteract the centrifugal force wanting to throw it out widely .
POS tapthattoast -LRB- jeezechesse -RRB- is like a super star so is jeezejess and jeezecheese
POS i used to watch this when i was younger ! good times ... laugh out loud this was one of my favorite episodes !
NEU the guy video taping is probably laughing his ass off .
POS conan 's such a class act .
POS damn nice
POS haha , wow .
POS this is awesome
POS beautiful dog . do n't worry about the not like water once they find its fun there 's no keeping them out believe me . our darling ca n't help himself if it wet he has to jump in . does n't matter if it 's a river , puddle or even the bath -LRB- when your in it ! -RRB-
NEG ssatish112233 : another 23 yr old moron on youtube that do n't know shit except he 's a white boy trying to be black , lol , got all the dre and snoop joints in his lowrider , , lol . you 're a fawkin disgrace to this country . get a clue , read something like american history ... fawk off moron .
POS i love being busy too ! as a college student , i get my water in soooo fast if i i bring it with me to classes . when i sit at home , i drink diet coke . haha . if i bring my water , i drink it as i am bored in class . EMO_HAPPY love it.anyways , you go girl . stay busy , its good for our minds ! just start eating some more calories and keep doin everything else . you look great and will do great at your new job ! congrats!ps - love those earrings !
NEG your a faggot.case closed .
POS that is a very interesting vid really
POS love it
POS you 're good at this !
POS thank you for posting this , the quality is awesome !
POS cool
POS who 's the hot guy with the goatee ?
NEU matrix is an importer they make nothing
NEU listen i was wondering if maybe i could see a photograph of an impression in butter of your vulva
NEU hahaha ... ganaz are bro ...
POS awesome . keep it up bro .
POS man this song is truley amazing EMO_HAPPY
NEU comment please EMO_HAPPY
NEU wish he was my professor . but what kind of dum students is he teaching ???
POS yes , but a catchy oxymoron . ;d
POS wow , i 'm very impressed . i actually felt my chakras and as i let the music take over i started to ` see ' patterns like the patterns on the vid ! great work ! i think i 'll wait until you create that dvd for the best quality . i heard that compress music degrades the quality thus degrading the effects of the music . my friend told me they did a study on plants where they played analog , cd , and mp3 quality music and mp3 plants grew the least . anyone hear about this study ? thanks again !
NEU prl oparty byl tylko i wylacznie na klamstwie , w koncu klamstwo zawladnelo tak bardzo , ze stalo sie tak powszecne jak papier toaletowy , przeciez dalej ma ogromne poparcie , nikt wlasciwie nie potepil nawet szwadronow smierci , ale organizacje z nich sie wywodzace bardzu wielu glosuje i nikt nie protestuje , ze olacimy na nich podatki , a za te pieniazki dzieci w sierocincach zylyby jak gwiazdy filmowe
NEU just say hell no ! it 's time for a rebellion .
POS hi erik !!!!!
NEU do you buy them from a store or do you have a contract with verizon ?
POS then you 'll be happy the rest of your life .
POS wow hadley , this is really interesting .
POS holly shit i like that !!
POS i 've just started running , and only been out three times . walking , running then walking . its going to be a long haul as it hurts . i 've never seen a happy jogger !!! these videos really help . thanks so much
POS she looks real!thanks.sahit .
NEU hey man , there 's no way i 'm going to put up with being called a ninja.if anything , i 'm a pirate . a viking pirate .
NEU hallelujah - . means praise jehovah . psalm 83:18 that people may know that you , whose name is jehovah , you alone are the most high over all the earth .
NEU jajaja el doc de volver al futuro !
NEU i used 1 pint milk , that should be around 2 cups .
NEU better then the ps1 version
NEU do n't you worry no more - most of us posting here are from the baby boomers , moslty over 50 , wonder why there is so much garbage songs out there , the generations to come will never hear these songs ...
POS ok , i got to watch this again today , and i have to say i love it even more ! the music and scene selection was perfect and tied together very nicely , and i like the little effects in this that made a big difference ! this is one of my favorite videos for a tale of two sis . EMO_HAPPY
NEU this is a killer !
POS why is vanessa so rude to him ? he seems like a really cool guy ! vanessa is also very knowledgeable and a pretty cool chic .
NEG sooo boring
POS great catch on the comment , dead org is dead , that 's a beautiful sight . -LRB- love the squirrel ! -RRB-
POS i actually watched order of the phoenix for the first time on friday . and it is far superior to both the third and fourth installments . i am glad they chose yates to direct the remaining films . they certainly live up to the standard set by the first two . one thing about the music in order of the phoenix : it was well-written , but in some places , the arrangement was way off , and lost its effect . while it was still good , it is clear that none can compare to williams .
POS if looks could kill is such a good song to blasst in my car
POS gorey beat jc by miles
NEG alan is a douche bag ! does he actually think he 's charming and witty enough to win over nat ?
NEU for a 10 piece it 's about a thousand .
NEU she done me like a kipper lol , ye ive seen this version before cant remember from wen tho hmm
NEU i 'm not sure if you know this , but its totally illegal to video record at a feis because you can steal other peoples steps . just and for your information in case you later find out that you are not allowed to compete again because of this video ... if you would like critiques from others you should post a video recorded from class or a show ... hate to be the downer , but that 's why there are rules ... ... ... . good luck with your dancing though
NEG i wish i could pull on your beard !
POS thats awsome .
NEG sorry , but i think you have the wrong chris . or you might just be messing around .
POS laugh out loud yeah . that made me laugh so hard . i love the ending scenes .
NEG did they cut it down because of the lightning strike ? did it kill it ?
NEU very imaginative take on the original ! i think that ojarv001 set his to 3/4 time , and yours is in 4/4 time . but i still like it EMO_HAPPY
POS love this guy ! he left us with some great music . thanks for sharing this !
POS good luck 2009 you are the future and the present !
NEG at 1:55 -1:58 , that kid got embarrassed !
NEG ew derwin ...
NEU actually he is wearing his famous magic suspenders .
NEU does anyone know where i could download this song ?
NEU i personally witnessed a blue sky get completely covered with chemtrails . . it happens quite often in south wales uk . here is what i witnessed . watch?v = hep83piiufa
POS roll on the floor laughing best version of bohemian rhapsody ever !
NEG why the hell does everyone cares about his profuse sweating ? i do find that kind of akward . oh , and for the record , those stage lights are extremely hot .
NEG ah , but what is the point , stripped down to what it is ? the point is : the poor people are being fucked over by the rich people . that 's what it boils down to . the rich buy our legislators and make our laws . we are owned and as long as we can go home and watch the game and drink and eat too much , we 'll buy in and go to a job we hate which makes us miserable , and be led right along the path they want us to take . like good little sheep .
POS people tend to forget if it were not the pioneers even though there was tragedy
POS look at my videos laugh out loud xd
POS whoaa that 's awesome ! 5/5
POS that 's just too adorable ! congrats !
NEU when i logged on and saw you posted this again my reaction was `` ahhhh he posted it again fuck yea ! '' laugh out loud
NEU I do n't know sumetin dat involves technology laugh out loud
NEU it only works on the author 's site
POS lets chat
NEU expect more footage of fright fest 2010 , where there is plenty of footage of guests being attacked by big clowns and men with shovels !
NEG what the fuck if you go on any revision 3 program you will get adverts
POS that is great to know =d
POS kinda like being `` gifted '' a lap dance , eh ?! laugh out loud
NEG but there is one thing i always see i never see a bear or a roach or a tiger beeing possesed by a demon `` only '' humans ! and they same thing we do eat sleep and shit and fuck i wish i was a animal they seem to be the only ones not having problems start looking at the whole picture instead of just looking at humans
POS nice point . . about the chimney . . maybe he was high on grass
NEU they good , but who is that singing !!!
POS i love you ma ,
NEU hahahhaha xd musste komm =p ihr nachmacher - . - ' xdddd hammer m?sg hahaha wie kommt ihr auf duden ?????? xddddd geil man ps : es gibt lyrics ne ;d
POS xd laugh out loud i always love doing that 3:46
POS probably my favorite line of the track .
POS she was smart .
NEU so i did everything like i was supposed to , and when i went to wash it off not all of the image turned out to be burned on enough and wouldnt wash away ... would burning the image twice before washing it off help any ?
NEU i have that same buck bros. jack plane that you are probably talking about . i have used it to plane many many feet of knotty pine , and yes , knots and grain reversals will give most planes hell . cheaper planes especially , as the thinner iron and
NEU i assume you are familiar with kolender v. lawson , 461 u.s. 352 -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , and that california penal code 647 -LRB- e -RRB- no longer concerns stop-and-identify .
POS a very nice rendition of ivor novello ` s song by a wonderful singer , lets hear more .
POS keep it coming !! the congregations need more of this . it is pure music , singing and lyrics truly praising yeshua the messiah . also , very true to the scriptures . just beautiful , ms. davis . bless you .
POS i used to work with cami in the wacky world of advertising . she 's is an extremely talented writer and the book is well worth reading .
NEU when did latifah have beef wit fox . . im a fox fan so i missed that 1 . fox loves latifah even on 22 greastest mc 's fox said -- she loves latifah n she has inspired alot of little girls life 's including mine . . thas wht fox said bout her
POS oh . i was asking because of the `` deja-vu '' thing.anyway , if you like this , subscribe , as more 's to come .
POS the guitarron is usually tuned an octave below a guitar . simon edwards , the guitarron player in this clip , left the ukulele orchestra to form fairground attraction and had a hit with `` it 's got to be perfect '' . the left handed blond ukulele player is andy astle , one of the founders of the orchestra , currently working with `` the band of holy joy '' , and teaching ukulele .
NEG if we own gold do you not think there is a possibility the government will repossess it like they did during the great depression ?
POS i love the end .
POS aaah.what a guy , one of a kind.rip mr miller x
POS we are looking for medical cannabis users to post up reviews of their favorite dispensaries ! google mmjspots and register . 10 posts gets you 2 stickers !
NEU no.its just a little hard to tell from the video . looks a little like a one-piece dress rather than a kilt . thanks for clearing that up mate ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG i 'm a fucking retard , i know . can you send me a link that will send me directly to the toolbar download because i ca n't find it any where for the life of me .
POS hey !
POS love soup :d
POS i agree.all of dr. larson 's stuff is very interesting , and does not seem to be well known among main stream medicine .
POS cool . first to comment ? rowan atkinson kicks all ass ! legend !
POS very good cover version and your lookin fit in your video .
POS bruce lee was the classic and still the best ! rip the maker of jeet kune do , and karate master
NEU its sad how i know the biscuit geico commercial by heart .
POS ola liana
POS she is coming to america ??? yay ! x -RRB-
POS they should have a ust contest on cape cod !!!!!!!
POS man , i looooooooved this show when i was a kid . so awesome .
POS it was done at the ponca city , ok store .
POS amazingness laugh out loud
POS sounds like a cummins jesus
NEU i was asked to sing this at a funeral on saturday . thank you for giving me a beautiful example . soli deo gloria .
NEU laugh out loud at may 's and clarksons 's `` rozzers '' and `` in jail no-one can here you scream ''
POS thanks for watching !
NEU help stop your son or husban and smoke laugh out loud just kidding
NEG why do you despise them ??
POS this is my favorite game , i cant think of anything better ... to me this is better than any of the new games ... cant wait till the second one
POS british marines : awesome
NEU well , as far as i know , he generally is . in fact since he made the prediction that gold would never slip past 1000 again , he 's been right on that . i 'm just curious why he 's including 950 as a possible price scenario . i 've heard that 1045 is a har
POS so pretty .
NEU 1986 has never looked so young to me laugh out loud
POS update your graphics card 's driver software . worked for me .
NEU how about calling it lisn -LRB- list/id separation networking -RRB- come on cisco , you knew apple would make an `` iphone '' , it 's time to give up on `` lisp '' now too .
POS another good one lorc , its funny - people also seem to turn red when i 'm around them as well !
NEU laugh out loud haha my cuz is scared of these shows
NEU shit were screwed they have choirs now : o
POS hey i like this song because god has really favored me
POS i love dis song !
POS thanks :d
NEU r.i.p mark foo
POS i 'm 6 ' 1 '' i just bought one , love it , get one quick , their goin fast
POS lol !! excellent !
NEU
POS i must admitt . . this is definitely the best kobe vid i 've seen on youtube so far . 5 stars .
NEU actually its not much if you just want to take his class at wand fight team in vegas . . hes in there every day and participates all the time .
NEG they want us to afford them the protection of our laws but at the same time , they will deny you even the basic right to free speech . do n't be fooled . islam is here to become dominant .
POS thats tremendous news . where did you get this piece of info , i would love to read about it .
NEU i guess i just suck . - lmfao .
POS please view my new tree of life video . thank you .
POS fantastic EMO_HAPPY
NEU what is the wake up light ? something in each home ?
POS thank you for the excellent presentation , warren . my father and i were discussing our country 's poor leadership last night . self-centered elitists have taken control of govt . . as you say , people who think of themselves first and society last . sad . i started reading `` critical path '' . fuller is a little hard to read , but it 's good . i agree with his theory of man beginning in austral-asia . fascinating !
NEG actually the adventures of sonic the hedgehog and satam where both on mobius , as where sonic 1-3
NEG how dare you say that catholics secretly worship lucifer in your comments . it makes no sense whatsoever and shows your research is flawed . masonary , theosophy and many more -LRB- self admittedly -RRB- , but catholic dogmas are anything but secret and completely anti thetical to what you suggest .
NEU arghh my ears !! laugh out loud jokes EMO_HAPPY
NEU wen video hermsno
NEU we were getting 1 '' groups easily with wolf 55gr fmj at 100-125yds , so with better ammo ? be prepared to wait 5-7 months from model 1 , or buy this one from me and get it asap
NEU this woman is greatt interpiter ... massallahhhhh ... she s reall good
NEU the last good song they made since champagne supernova.just as well , it was time to call it a day.the beatles only lasted 10 years .
POS 4:57 laugh out loud
POS the story of the mini gateic bypass is very inspiring . and i 'm a happy patient
POS get all black ones . . or cortez
POS man that 's good way to practice -LRB- with the boards and all -RRB- would n't have thought of it
NEG what about princesstard ?
POS me too ;d
NEU i felt that .
POS listen to ryan canning 's first set on you tube for a great rendition of fiddlers rally
NEU gus is so funny - '' i really feel good about myself ''
NEU what do you say to those that have proof of god?show me , rather than ask stupid questions . `` what do you say to those that have had direct life changing experiences with god ? `` i smile , nod my head and look for an escape route .
NEU i wished they cam to tx it sucks being in midland
POS im gon na make this tmrw tnx
NEG vaccines kill and mame too , my 13 yr old son is autistic from the vaccines the that truth the gov is stil tring to cover that one up . yes - they are out to destroy a drop the population - why did she not tell us `` where '' a safe place is to go with our families ? ...
POS i am as a science fiction fan embarrassed to admit i hate the foundation `` trilogy '' ... i do , however , love his ability to make science fact palatable to people like me , and i also love his early novels and stories . i admire the man also . just do n't see foundation as his best work ...
POS mon scotland !!! love this makes me cry laughing you rock xxx
NEU nice trampoline man , my mom wont let me take off my net , but rj has his net off and hes younger than me .
NEG this whole taking a test to pass to the next grade started when bush did the no child left behind act if you read the legislation it really is not very helpful to the kids , teachers or parents ! i know some schools actually teach the test currently schools funding from the government and how much teachers are paid is based on the test scores . it 's good in some ways but over all i do n't think it 's effective . that 's just my 2 cents .
POS how can you hate bill bailey he 's a ledgend !
NEU cool im gettin an identical system soon , dont upload on megaupload , its shit . use zshare or rapidshare
POS love this song , perfect for me and my boyfriend 's long distance relationship
POS lol ! :d
POS awesome !!!!!!
NEG this is my sisters vidio right , so dont comment anymore cause if you are bored then dont comment or watch simple as ... ... . . ok
NEG true , impeachment is practically worthless . but damn it would feel good to have that criminal scumbag impeached on principal .
POS well done .
POS brillient
POS mmm sexxy daddy come to my house EMO_HAPPY
NEG sweet video , but do n't count on obama for shit !
POS one of my favorite places in the whole wide world . thanks for the vid .
NEU slash sounds awesome as always ! i do n't like the vocalist though . d : go ahead and give me minus for posting my opinion , jeez .
NEG annoying ass commentators , thick accent + not being eloquent at all + repetitive , dude needs a speech therapist .
NEU he says : `` making tofu '' , then `` hello , today we are going to be making tofu '' , `` with a soyquick machine '' ... EMO_HAPPY
NEU haha , spaceballs demos right?state of the art and 9 fingers , correct ?
POS your really beautiful !
NEU wrong . nobody works harder than iowa . perhaps you watched 1 practice etc. . . minnesota works hard , but do you think it 's because j. robinson spent so much tme as an assistant at iowa?dan gable is regarded as the hardest worker ever , and that mentality and culture has continued there . check the number of ncaa titles they have won since 1975 .
NEU laugh out loud fare enough : ~ -RRB-
POS all about the original ... just like bobby !!!!!!!
NEG yoo probbally didnt get fsx then
POS i was there today !!!
NEU some people like the opposite of this video . . tho this is impressive i could n't believe it
NEU actually out of 10 : corey taylor = 1000000000000000000 , m. shadows = 7 -LRB- if that -RRB-
POS i like your dogmy puppy has started responding very well.he doesnt always but most of the time he does.his name 's keo
POS well put together , 6 song clips in 1 demo mixhope you enjoy this thanks .
POS i love this song and i 'm from the santa cruz mountains but i 'm not there right now and missing it a bit , so ... . thank you so much for this !
NEU i saw this right before taking a lot of old -LRB- 1990s old -RRB- electronics to recycling ... now i just dont know what to do with them .
POS yea me 2 dat would be the best thing ever
NEG hey , thanks for the quick bit of info ... so let me get this straight : you 're going to give me a special report on web projects and a consultation for free ? i have n't seen a web development company do this before ... i 'll be calling you this tuesday .
POS please try to upload the sword in the stone
POS i like your cover of this song -- the reverb on your voice and slow acoustic guitar sound great together .
POS i agree
POS what a yummy video ! i 'm glad you enjoyed yourself. :-RRB-
POS very pretty patterns 0:52 - 0:56
POS thanks so much for putting these up .
NEU this game is like a teenage verison of gta
POS lol ! exactly .
POS bryn . . the superhero ... fantastic stuff ...
NEU what 's happening in this show ?
POS paul mate . loved that interview !!!
NEG saying oil is going up ... is child play . anyone with just a gram of knowledge knows the direction of commodities when you print too much money ... as gold goes so does all other commodities .
NEG get out of my office mr.sob i should try that sometime
NEU that should be a commercial
NEG you are a fucking retard . if shiva had some chickens get eaten he would turn them into boots to you retard ! your a bleeding heart loser and i 'll bet you are a hypocrite as you are most likely wearing leather shoes and eating meat from an anim
NEG oh my god i really hope you feel better . wait i 'm crying .
NEG that 's a nervous chap ...
NEU wat is it thn
POS thats a stunning horse . do you stud him . i rode till i was about 20 but had a pretty bad fall and got dragged for 100 yards on concrete . havent rode since . used to have a 16 hand palemino . loved that horse . good riding by the way x
NEU i ` ve seen this guy at the skate park
POS how do i seperate my higher self from my physical mind?is there examples for this triangle?how can the physical mind be in charge of your selfcan someone please give me an example of this triangle in action ? from where the physical mind perceives the the brain receives and the higher self conceives
POS g. bush was a total frailer . but look ad you president obama , you are my inspiration , here you are ad your best , this speech was the best speech i have heard in a life time . it applauds not only the great students but also for the us nation and all regions on the world .
NEU well , ya know , everyone has an opinion . and in my opinion , your opinion is shit !
NEU yes it is .
NEG these kinds of lies do n't work anymore .
NEG , i just went to your channel & saw your `` favorites . '' you listen to george bloomer -LRB- a false prophet -RRB- ? & you 're interested in hatha yoga -LRB- a demonic practice from hinduism -RRB- ?? ... no wonder you called my comments `` negative '' ... you have itching ears
NEU bbw are waiting for you till you come naneedj.info
NEU the three wheels are comletely new not ones they havent come out with in a long time
POS only the very special ones
NEU hahahaha !
POS do n't even notice that there 's no bass . he gets a hell of a sound out of that thumb of his .
POS very interesting . i found her show and she has some great ones . the problem i have with most paranormal shows it seems they spend all their time either a.interviewing each other over and over . or b.slamming each other . so finding hers was refreshing . thanks for leading me that way .
POS i love these guys !
POS get it kidds.they lookk likee they having fun !
NEG pingas ... anoyying
NEU i heard about this on this american life
NEU the bush administration attached no accountability for the first bail-out , nice that you are trying to imply that its the obama administration that gave the banks the money . he saw what bush and co. did and is actually helping americans not private companies . lay the blame at the right feet , the right and they are still kicking and scatching every step of the way . we are taking american back it been 2 weeks let see the right-wing-nuts in 2 years , we are taking america back for true americans .
NEU lmaoo
POS my wife and i have talked to him a few times . seen him at a few rallies and albuquerque . trying to talk his parents to come to eaa in oshkosh wi . great guy just like his parents .
NEG disgusting . our country is in ruins .
POS i bought $ 300k in gold 3 years ago on peter 's advice -LRB- bullion -RRB- . i bought it at about $ 580/oz if i recall.smart people listen to guys like peter schiff , alex jones , ron paul , joesph stiglitz , to name a few .
POS blues are pretty EMO_HAPPY
NEU i wish more of the youth today would take their mind out of mind off b.e.t. and see whats going on . we 've got to break these generational curses and kill our slave mentality . though i do n't feel like every brother is a brother -LRB- alot will sell you out quick -RRB- we can at least live together without always killing each other . we were n't given our 40 acres and a mule ... so now we have to take it !! god bless
POS i was there when these two guys did this ... the whole thing was sooooooooo funny !!! anyone have the whole thing ? amazing video though !
POS plzzz 7 !!!!!!!!
NEU tube
POS this is just the best , ratt fan 4 life !
POS freaking awesome !!! is n't that crystal right thurr ??? laugh out loud
NEU hidup anwar ! mati najib !
NEU hei , hei , hei , hahahah , hard terrible !!
NEU from my understanding of biology freezing living cells alters the cells especially when unfrozen ... something with salts bursting the cell membrane ... hm maybe that only applies to mammals cells ? heck , i 'd still eat it .
POS dis shit iz fly az fuck
POS i shot this to show on a big screen at the west cliff house owners ' association agm in the salt house on 28th april , so folks had something to watch before the meeting began . it was at the time google was in the headlines cruising round the uk with car-cams , so it was topical . as for opening the gate , i wanted the cruise to be circular so it could run and run . if you look carefully , you 'll see it was patched together from 3 separate runs !
NEG ll cool j and eminem disliked this video
POS o __ othe masking is perfect ! i do n't know how you did all that without your hand falling off . ; di loved it 8d
NEG how can nasty looking women be prostititutes ?
NEU one chinese government lasted 800 years , things can be better than 200 years sir .
NEU laugh out loud sick
POS EMO_HAPPY r.i.p outlawz for life
NEU there 's no way that statement was serious .
NEU hace falta unos cuantos ron paules para que los eeuu se arregle ...
POS theshroomery check it out
NEU i love hairy bum cheeks
POS i was in mitre square on new years eve . there is an atmosphere , even today.thanks for the video .
POS : lmao ... oh but acid is so much funner .
NEG then dont watch you moron .
NEU i never noticed the roman numerals in the back ground
POS i did n't even watch gh back when helena was around , but i have seen clips of helena at her best . i love helena 's return !!!!!
NEU i do have to say i think champ car was better series but primaraly in the 90 's and i am sad to say i came into this world to late to see the rise of tracy , or remember to much of zanardi or moore . ohh and i miss turbos
POS just seen these guys at edinburgh fringe and they are fab ! definate improvement on lady -LRB- ? -RRB- blahblah !!
NEU could it be that the generation that would n't trust anyone over 30 when they were 20 now does n't trust anyone under 50 now that they 're 60 ? get the baby boomers out ! barack obama not only bridges the racial wounds in this country but will be a generational shift in power ... obama 08 !
NEG dinho = atheist evangelistif you think hitchens is not a hater you are in serious denial.enlighten yourself with thiswatch?v = gmsjwb975tm
POS i so agree !!! xd this may be the best anime i watched this year !!!! seriously it just keep gstting better and better every time i watch a new anime ... i wonder if this is a book ? i hope so cause i would totaly buy it !!!! xd
NEU laugh out loud gl with a 12a
NEU oh no , the recap episode ! -LRB- i 'll watch it anyway -RRB-
NEU the first thing i noticed is ... ... . . tifa xdbut anyways good job and keep going la
NEG because andremit they do n't like to hear the truth
POS also viewable ; sheer pride ghost dance , vibe everyone 's a winner , vibe rescue me , vibe i believe , formosa metal guru
POS awesome vid EMO_HAPPY
POS i love madoka !! ~ and such a nice song EMO_HAPPY
NEU true , your right . the possibility of them both crossing paths is at least 80 % since no one else is near the rank level . right now they are both dragonlords , i do n't really care what rank they are cause i know once the other pros decide to c
NEU cute - but why is this on snarkies - should we all post babies
POS very pretty . what is your hair type if you do n't mind me asking ?
NEU those are his girls !!!!
POS a classic in the world of comedy , the writing , storyline & acting all come together flawlessly which very few films of any nature even come within a mile of doing .
POS great song
POS this is y i love maryland football
NEG what rubbish . you are not a doctor .
POS by the way , your opening is awesome .
NEG stupid ass bitch ass mother fucken ass reporter
NEG i dont like this album much at all , theres only 4 or 5 songs on it that really stand out to me . . theres not enough heavy stuff on it
POS best show ever !!! he 's sarcastic and hilarious !
NEU adam sandler is from manchester new hampshire ... anyway eli was good in this movie.i like this interview side to him better than all the `` torture porn '' shit ...
NEU hate to say it but none of us live forever . some people die , not everyone can be saved . i would def support a private fire dept , prob be included in you are mortgage . would prob be cheaper , but i also not against public depts either .
POS gorgeous
NEU does it work well with the bumper ?
NEG he can die from that he can overload his stomach causing it to push his lungs and ribs suffication and it pops
NEU i do n't know anything about the drummer , but is that jo and danny in this band ?
NEG it should involve gordan , but just in basic speech . it should follow the basic storyline of hl2 , but focus on the soldiers life , not the actually game .
NEU oh my god ... esta cancion la escuche en el verano del 97 y me enamore de esta cancion , la he buscado por muchos medios y no la encontraba ... pense que solo era un promo que no dio bola .
POS can i move in with you guys ??? EMO_HAPPY
POS are you a mac professsional artist ? cause you are really good !
POS may allah bless him jannah may it give reflect humanity peace and light
NEG he needs to start doing stairs
NEG are rude comments by ignorant people really needed ? there 's an option known by most people to put the volume on ` mute ' or turning the sound off . hope that 's not too difficult for you to figure out .
POS thank you 4 uploading !!!! p.s i am makeing flan now !!!!!!!!!
NEU yeah im pretty sure because before i changed it it was always `` industrial/techno/gothic '' .
POS just once i would love to do the monkee walk with some friends like this -- just for the fun and laugh of it -LRB- can we throw in the monkees too ? -- lol -RRB- .
NEU where he from ?
POS like itt < 3 < 3
POS go chuck go chuck go go go chuck !
POS female seeking a married sugar daddy
NEG just because i dont have a mac doesnt mean im not smart . i bet you can barely grasp basic 10th grade algebra . i never said about the right thing , you said the population is dying when its clealy not
POS my pet ferret is named ` charlie ' because of that video
NEU and he was forced to flee jamaica after one of his early concerts , later returning to join up with the wailers . so it is n't crazy to think he was assasinated , but as it stands right now , most of the evidence points towards a natural death -LRB- cancer -RRB- . unless someone has turned up new evidence , which i would really be interested in hearing .
POS freakin ' awesome . EMO_HAPPY
POS and remember ... selena luved donna summers & janet jackson and they were african american so selena is the best person wen it comes 2 lovin different kinds of races
NEG langue ... langue ... we all have the government we deserve . somalia is a cesspool , so you have a cesspool for a government . it 's at the point that somalia 's neighbors had to intervene because off cross border raids and the west has too shoot pirates to protect global trade routes . somalia is like retarded child spreading shit all over the walls , which others have too clean up !
NEU ahahhahahaha
NEU thai male girls for marriage gettop5.info
POS i love this , you keep me fallin head over heals EMO_HAPPY
POS send me your direct email in a private message on youtube , and i will email an mp3 to you .
POS love the movie love the song love tanner and nathaniel and love what you have done with it !!!
NEU how much does it cost you downloading this game
NEG guess that car that will end up splitting in half shouldnt have been there at the time .
NEG first thing first you should learn how to spell . second who cares that he is bi racial i do n't care he is the best man for the job and powell is free to support whom ever he see fit too i could care less about repbu = = lick = = ass there the ones out of touch that 's why their not in charge any more because there so out of touch ? get a ged then talk too me inbred white trailer trash cunt
POS this is the winemaker.always discard the
POS in sickness and in health is pending dvd release . spread the word to other fan 's so we get all 6 series and the 5 christmas specials on dvd . series 1 will be released soon , as soon as i get the release date it 'll be on here ...
POS gosh , you can feel her voice !!
POS totally awesome
POS its a guy called johnny rose , i ca n't find his version on youtube either though , if thats what you mean
NEG it look lie a monopod
NEG 4 weeks prior to 9/11 my son and i flew to brazil , we saw no high security in the 2 us airports through which we passed . when we arrived at gru the airport was filled with military , police , sniffer dogs , security was intense . i asked what was going on , they said there are terrorist threats to airports ! everywhere we went in sp we saw high security , embassies , public bldgs , shopping centers , etc. we returned 5 days before 9/11 , still no high security in the 2 us airports ... who dropped the ball ?
POS group hug ! :d !!!
NEG ca n't quite see the strings ! but , they are puppets ! do they fly ? do not think so !
NEU se escucho bacan ese dia en el estadio ya que estaba lleno
POS what is this song called by the way i loved it ive watched it so many times before
POS thank you diana for all of them . loved ithem yesterday and love them today
POS i saw roger waters performing dark side of the moon and others on july 12 , 2007 at darien lake , ny , best show ever . he opened with this song , but the visuals were different ; in my opinion , way cooler , because instead of a picture , it was the video of the hammers marching along with the rhytum of the music , occasionally changing from white to red , and back . to agree with you , perfect song to open with !
NEU an i swear this track says amilli so much that it can get annoying laugh out loud check out chamillionaire 's swagger like us rmx ... nastttyy
NEU afiurfcuvv98mupuugo
POS i was 6 yrs old and my elementary school bus driver would play it on my bus to school ... cool huh ...
POS first view comment and rate good video
POS the beautiful story of our origins is bringing us together as the people of the one race ... the human race .
NEU ron paul 2012
POS nekoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo my case
POS the greys are real , this is proofreally nice song 5/5
POS i was looking for this tutorial from a long time actualy i was knowing all the steps untill you load the shader color with the image i did n't know maya actually figure out to load automaticaly all the image sequence to be corespondent with frames , and i ceck lots of tutorials and you are the first one ho do this thanks alot , i configure the plane diferently and maya does the calculation for me , i drop the plane then i go in inputs with 3 height 2 and after i scale x and z :8 to optain 24/16
NEG what a horrible dream !
POS now live in usa , but proud to say i come from a good english navy family . both grandfathers father and about eight other family members .
NEG actually , if you ca n't tell that my text , containing four words , was sarcastic , then there 's no point explaining further ... 9:24 wasted of both our lives dude . peace .
NEG americans are thick ... believe me , i 've been living amongst them for the past ten years .
NEG sad thing is , is that this will probly happen in real life
POS wow what a super fabulous mum you are . . your children are sure to have some fantastic keepsakes . . you are so creative and talented i love all your work
POS it realy touches you if you think how much theyhave and how much we have today in america ... i saw it at church a week ago and i cried its realy sad ... my church is rasing money to build and fill a fresh water well in kenya ... and we are almost there !
POS thank you :d
NEU so what does gquit meen game quit ?
NEG get fucked yankee boy i aint no helpless woman or child you think you can bully so go fuc yaself ... ok ya !
NEG no kidding , i remember my first video camera , lol !
POS what would be the first step to ask a girl out ?
NEG just because something affects society does n't classify it as a `` social issue . '' every issue affects society , so by that logic every issue is a `` social issue '' and why even put `` social '' in there , just call them `` issues . `` lol fuck semantics anyways.capitalism may be greed based , but that 's because we 're greedy by nature , civilized or not . also , calling people idiots for not bowing to your beliefs does nothing to convince anybody .
NEG his immune system was already low before the tb and hepatitis hit . he had an accident where he cut his knee i believe , when he was a teenager , and he got the hpv infection . but unfortunately his immune system was unable to beat it so he gre
NEU the story was on we got to do better -LRB- hot ghetto mess -RRB- this week on bet !!
NEG the show in general is well ... stupid and michelle just makes it all much worse she 's such a loser wannabe feminist .
POS i have to do this before i die !!!
POS thanks pascal
POS you guys are legittt !
POS the weapon ... the foot ahhh this guy cracks me up .
NEU thats not a 08 , thats a 06 or 07 classic , this body style was completely phased out in 08 for the gmt-900 platform .
NEU you will get the hang of it
NEG hope she catches fire . her opponent sure handed her a sure fire shovel to bury him with .
NEG i 'm going to take a wild guess and say eddie long ai n't gon na be there
NEG yuppie flu ?
POS this was very informative could you make one for -LRB- please come to boston -RRB- by kenny loggins ?!
NEU 2 hours and 35 minutes .
NEG i think you 're refering to rosie o'donnel sitting next to her .
NEG wow . they had better make it so all classes are open to all genders quick or their reputation is going to take a hit
POS sounds like your tomatoes are n't being pollinated . do you have enough bees in your area ? you can pollinate your tomatoes yourself with a small paint brush . just touch each tomatoe blossom with the tip of the paintbrush as a bee would do . you should get a better yield . also , thin out the bloooms so you only have two tomatoes on each stem . this will allow them to develop into bigger , more tastey tomatoes . good luck .
POS mises ' cable network would be awesome .
NEG lots of rebuilds EMO_HAPPY thats wut happeneds in a 2 stroke
NEU sickkkk !!!
NEG what the hell was she doing with her underwear down ?
POS she had the voice of an angel . the moment you hear her you fall in love with her .
POS that park looks amazing
POS what a beautiful song .
NEU next to victory with a bronze statue of adm jellicoe on the bridge .
NEU yea it does look a little dry huh ? i bbq mine , glaze it , and keep the fat on to keep it juicy
POS dude this is sweet this made is so ultra fast its unbelievable thanks xd
NEU how he die ! he looked in good shape !
POS my little girl cant stop watching
NEU o_o
POS i love deidara and sasori !!!! * fangirl squeal then faints *
POS tru genius
NEU noa : yea , you woulda been ok as long as the roux was in the same temperature range as the stock and the stock was not too `` greasy '' to begin with -LRB- subscribe ! see `` magic dinner party video '' for stock scumming & degreasing techniques -RRB- . for demi 's - i still much prefer : 1 -RRB- au natural 2 -RRB- arrowroot slurry over roux . keep it up , kid , your gon na do fine .
NEU what song is this ??
POS thats right man homey
POS still my favourite album from esem .
POS i love this video production , even though it may be `` amateur '' . it definitely struck a chord with me , and the narration is perfect in my humble opinion . great job !
POS i have a twin sister and her name is rosemary hope miss rosemary gets well soon she is just a sweetie and sooo is rickey !!!! :0 -RRB-
NEG then mary 's head is lit on fire
NEU guygiuybhb bbhjui
NEU respect lads!that guy was full of shit.anyother way yuo can remove one without removing the vehicle ?
NEG its about time !
POS ahh man , thats how im gon na propose to my soulmate EMO_HAPPY
NEU trimakasih mas riyanto 2000 atas uploudingnya hj karisma saya juga orang madiun kok yg skrng berada di usa .
NEG who the fuck said fuck oy nope nigga fuck you oyyy night was gooody
NEG the diffrence is in america its not a god in japan it is america changed it to burning gundam becuz it might be offending some people calling gundam a god
NEU bbbbbbbbb laugh out loud please
NEU i just wish they showed it a bit clearer . .
POS love the song . . da video is kinda dark
POS another great video . thanks !
NEU 505 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEG and then it got quiet
POS i wass theree ! -LRB- l -RRB-
NEG you asswipe .
POS thanks for your kind comment ! i picked this little whistle up in a thrift store for $ 2 about three months ago , sanitized it , played it once and set it aside - it sounded really rough . today i took it out and tweaked it a little and i was pretty pleased with the tone . again , thanks ! looking forward to more videos from you as well !
POS this my straight issh . . she went hard on this . . big ups to pharell for helpin her make this ! two geniuses at wk !
POS awesome thank you EMO_HAPPY namaste sunshine smiles EMO_HAPPY
NEU do you need to be a specific class to do this glitch like soldier or adept etc ?
NEU what album is this one ? anybody ?
POS oh my god i miss you too . holy crap nique -LRB- i know how to say your nickname but not spell it lol -RRB- im gon na send you a note
NEG sneaky ! but not very good loot > . >
POS please upload this movie
NEG he says multiple times that an angel said that he 's going to see jehovah . fascinating . an angel uses a mistranslation of the name yhwh -LRB- yahweh -RRB- from the middle ages -LRB- 1500 a.d. or so -RRB- . i do n't see why an angel would use a mistranslated name when referring to almighty god in his heaven .
POS we are just starting to show it at festivals so hopefully sometime next year to the public ... you can follow the film on twitter -LRB- -RRB- for screening updates ...
POS there are anderson powerpoles that go up to 75w ... i try to use anderson 's for everything i do . just makes everything universal .
NEU because it 's hard to save up money in the original . besides , you 're always gon na buy new weapons because the enemies get tougher . for example , you do n't need to buy the walloper -LRB- though it will help in gaspar -RRB- , you absolutely need to buy the devastator , since it 's gon na have to be your first big source of damage until you buy the r.y.n.o.
POS it 's `` from yesterday '' by 30 seconds to mars
NEG this video is boring
NEU also , does this video make the showwx look brighter , darker , or the same as in real life ?
POS i love o fortuna , its such an epic peice of poetry . i am gon na use it as a trailer for one my videos . i 'm not trying to advertise my channel either . i 'm just saying how cool this song is . i first heard it on son of jackass . i thought the way they used it was halarious xd
POS oh man ! ... batista and undertaker are two of my favorite wrestlers !!!!
NEU gracias por subirla . . hace tiempo la andaba buscando ... pa primera vez q la vi fue hace un a?o en estados unidos y por desgracia fue en hallowen ... estaba q me cagaba el 30 de octubre para salir al desfile de disfraces ... pero esta perra esta pelicula . . pinche ni?o asesino . .
NEG omg , she is so dumb .
POS thank you for this beautiful song . rest in peace monsieur brel .
NEU swim has had long lasting residual effects with dmt ... . . people need to face it , no mind altering drug is ever going to be good for you , however there many people who can put their mind under continual abuse via psychedelics and be fine ,
NEU i was talking about p2p genius . have you seen all the famous pkers they train range up first ? range of ish , kids ranqe etc ? then they get melee stats .
NEU glad that 10cc , suzi quatro , the sweet , and wizzard are coming up soon - the major glam rock bands than gary glitter !
NEU i saw this tour in boston and i swear the beginning of stand back was different . it was a sound a wave that started out soft and no one knew what song was coming till it got louder and louder and then the synths kicked in . does anyone else remember this ? no-i was n't high !
POS awesome , i needed a guide on this achievement .
NEU laugh out loud haha and then the double back and they wont even be able to do it
POS baddest assed beat ever heard . . kinda like that young jeezy beat ...
NEU lulz .
NEG only one lyric i 'm not sure about that may be wrong due to watching his live performances change in brackets -LSB- -RSB- : you 're my bad habit babyyou 're myyou 're taking my souldown to the level -LSB- o -RSB-
POS 1:00 i eat grilled cheeses with a sliced pickle also , i love the contrastin flavor of the dill pickle taste and the crispness of it against the softy gooey and somewhat sweet melted cheese and buttery toasted bread
POS i absolutely love this apron ! i think i 'll make a couple for my great-granddaughters for christmas . thanks a bunch !
POS : -RRB-
POS i like how you 're not sponsored . keep it real . looking forward to what you have to offer !
NEU how long will it last before you do it again ?
NEU my call outlondonteyonaallisoncelianataliesandrathaliacourtneynijahjessica foeliminated - aminat
POS wow , my mind is completely blown . i would give anything to draw like that ! :d
POS you are absolutely correct !!
POS sooo cute ... ! i am totally doing this
POS i love how you can hear people in the audience singing `` cherry blossom girl `` they sound beautiful live !
NEU it wasnt that hard ! EMO_HAPPY
POS ... and what if the world is really depressing ? god didnt heal you ? you are speaking to thousands of people and they are listening !!! spiritually you hang on to jesus like you never have before . this is healed !!! you have to hold on to this truth - jesus died for you when the world didnt care . onward christian !!! remember your love for christ ? shine before the world !!!
POS oh , yeah i subscribed and marked this as my favorite .
NEU is this crazy macadoodle fife ?
NEU godbless alex jones and dr scott whitaker
NEG i 'd fucking kick the living shit out of the driver after the race ... ... ... track him down and pound him down relentlessly ... ... ... ... . go to his house and fuck his wife .
NEG genies in bottles , toothpaste in tubes ... is it too much to ask , that these `` highly educated '' people we elect to office can clearly literate their ideas , take responsibility and solve problems ? oh wait ... . yes it is . people who once held these same positions 50 years ago , thought marijuana caused blacks and mexicans to rape white women , that `` reefer madness '' was real.how long can an oligarchy monkey fuck the truth and we stand around and take it ? speak out !
POS best ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
POS i love this look ! thanks for the vid !
POS haha well said
NEU booty bag ?
POS laugh out loud cool vid , i 've been there !!!!! xd you guys seem really cool !
POS i `` m a big fan of the wall and i will tell all of you why the wall is all of me and avrey time i see the wall movey or here th cd and i just get the feling of that i belong to the wall .
NEG oh , wonder boy is upset !
NEU si asi como pelea culea puta madre
POS my daughter is 1/2 khmer/cambodian and she loves this song . she is 3 and loves to dance to it . too bad her grandfather -LRB- nay koy -RRB- is an azzhole lol .
POS sounds like am saturday laugh out loud
NEG if a man talk about another man when that man aint present that man dont listen.thats true shit
NEU ... maybe they could get aaron for ling ?
POS hee hee ! at 0:03 ... i see thumb!wonderful return bc2 ! this piece is * so * quirky-cool ... sort of a classical-jazz audio-dada-ist set of flavors to it ... i think.it 's amazing to me how well what you play fits , yet is so distinctly you ... such versatility !
POS
POS thanks yeadon
POS i love your vids , keep em coming ! its really great for guys like me who ca n't get get the game right now ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU i wana a pet pot belly piggy !
POS every track on this cd is a masterpiece . gould playing of gibbons and byrd is the equal of his bach playing . the sweelinck is also great .
NEG i was refering to people like `` charlesischuck '' who obviously thinks he 's a present day einstein .
POS thankyou for doing this EMO_HAPPY
NEU where is that specified in the bible ?
POS nice , i like this piece . brings back memories . -LRB- what little i have -RRB- i kinda wish i was there
NEU not really . while it is true in the nc case , as there are directly contradicting laws , in the case of banning christianity for example , it says , congress shall make no law , and not that such law could not be made by a state . so a state law
POS how much did it cost you guys to build that ??? cuz i would buy one 4 sure .
NEU cat fight at 5:30
POS subhanallah , love this so much
POS great
NEG batgammon black ????????
NEG i tuned my greenwood and it blew up . not whilst tuning , i mean when i got back to ganton , some guy jacked it so i kept shooting him and the car blew up .
NEU that was a deffo win for the boy in blue . he was robbed .
POS you are completely right
POS thanks , looks easy but effective ...
POS fantastic ! i love jack lemmon !! thanks so much for uploading this .
POS no it dosent , it messes up the bow though > . > like i snapped almost all the hairs on mine ... but you can get some amazing sounds with some creativity and a wah ;d
NEG of course that was n't an experienced audience , his traditional seminar ended before this lecture , probably it should be for undergraduate students , but even today confusion between public and private are common due to keynes , it is necess
NEG hey mk pur3 ... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck you
POS excellent video ! it does a great job of promoting the capital district and all of its assets to high technology .
POS i agree . man , i remember it putting the hurt on charizard o_o . i always loved that pokemon because it was so powerful .
POS cool pack ... can it fit on the jumbo versipack ?
POS lol , the sioux deserved this win reason is because they basically outplay every team and mario lamourauex would have kicked marvins ass , mario has been in so many fights laugh out loud st cloud wont go very far with poor defense and sioux defense 3 in the country ya ya !!!!
POS love this song man . im a huge stoopid fan . are you from san diego by any chance ? i got a waffle perc too , amazing hit .
NEU if you can meet naughty women benaughtyman.info
POS aston EMO_HAPPY iluu xxx
POS ugly organ is by far their best .
POS here 's a site ya all will love video2mp3 -LRB- dot -RRB- net you can convert youtube videos to mp3s for free without downloading any programs and you can get the music that you want all the time
NEU my dad uses sta-sound for his dog . she was shot as a 3 year old and had a bad limp ever since . after 5 days of use , she no longer limps and can run again .
POS that was awesome
POS thanks for the helpful video , but do you know how to make them run ?
NEU bling 989 i hope your not talkin about this song if you are listen a little closer brother peace .
POS excelente el video ... me fascina ... gracias
POS wow this is a good lecture . sorry for the facetiousness .
NEU rong send ung isa kong comment sentido kumon pre !! ^ ^
NEU its gon na end up being a draw . i wan na be a vintage wrestler , lol .
NEG einstein believed in god , you doubt his existance , its obious that you 're being foolish right now .
POS i am so turned on right now i 'm going to explode . thank you for this video . 8 - -RSB- `` `
NEU i never saw anybody working that fast at the boat school .
NEU troi , ban khen thiet hay gia bo vay ? muon cam on ban lam nhung khong biet ban khen that hay khen deu .
POS give chris a little credit . it was his first time on the camera end and i think he did a good job . thanks for the info and catch ya later .
POS free my boi boosie ... ...
POS very very very very nice video add me on gunbound and gunbound , drift , and if you play luminary
NEU good too see another true metallica fan ! there are certain songs i dont favor but i agree with you , real fabns are with metallica for the ride from metal up your ass to death magnetic !!
POS love this . great scampering music . -LRB- right , karen ?? -RRB- thanks barbara its a joy to revisit these with the lovely images
NEU 6.2 engines do have there weaknesses like overheating but you can upgrade the fan and coolent system . also the heads are known to get spider cracks in them . and cranks break from the harmonic balencer rubber rotting away throwing it off balance . and people put in stud girdles on the lower end to prevent main bearing web cracks . i know people put in gear drives to replace the timing chains too . as for the 86 sub it cracks on the frame where the steering box bolts on . but theres a brace to fix that .
NEU burnout legends/revenge ftw !
POS salaam
POS xd i love them . and the midnight ramblers
POS i really do n't know but when it does ill put in a new serial key im sure there be more serials key in the future
POS anyone who knos bout lockerz pm me you are email and i 'll invite you
POS they 're awesome < 33333
NEU presvetli pavle ...
NEU pasa el tiempo y uno ya no es un chiquillo . como adulto joven apreciaba el estilo picaresco de los troveros criollos pero como un duo , garland-perez . sin embargo , en mi mente me titileaban los nombres de pejovez y ladd . esta marinera del maestro manuel acosta , ha terminado por confirmar mis lejanos recuerdos . que epoca la de los cincuenta en el siglo pasado . cuanta musica criolla se hizo , cuantos conjuntos , solistas , compositores y autores alcanzaron la gloria . viva la musica criolla carajo !
NEU yay my eyes wont roll away !
POS hair grew in a hour !! funny looks cute !
POS aww armaan 's so sweet it was so cute how he interacted with minnie ! :d
POS this is an awesome woman of god . i am truly inspired to do what god is requiring of me for such a time as this .
NEG dr.weaver is just plain mean . .
POS i really miss him today was the day the four jt kids died and it madde me tthink of paul and his amazing small i love you dude i hope i can talk to you soon again
POS love him his sooo gud
NEU ummmmmmmmmmmm !
NEG this is some boring crap . no wonder the youth in america are uninterested in politics .
NEG like this stuff is n't market driven ? also , since when has size , thickness of paint , all that `` grand '' oily urgency , ever been an index of how good a painting is ... oy .
NEU he could be right here . i think its too early to buy commodities here though
NEG okay , even his own brother suspected him while he suspected his brother . so even though it hurts that duen suspects , she really ca n't be blamed , especially since she has n't known him that long -LRB- like his brother has -RRB- and he refuses to explain stuff to her . ! arg . but , i still find her pushiness a little annoying . i do n't care about her believing him , but i wish she 'd believe her brother 's prediction . oh well ...
NEU no , i do not add water until day 18 ... if you have an automatic egg turner , you would be removing that on the 18th day and the developing eggs would be placed on the screen bottom , water would be in the trough beneath the wire screen . it does not
POS that is pretty damn kewl , , who woulda thought a huge aluminium bridge tough enough to support a abrams ! sweeeet
POS
NEG bitch is crazy !
NEG this means an even worse scenario of hyperinflation here . i agree it would give those who see what is happening time to prepare , but lets not forget that the longer this goes on the worse our problems will be when it is finally over .
NEG he was almost stopped , and too slow to take off .
NEU do they sell it in stores ?
NEU laugh my ass off hahahaha
POS hell yes . thank you for uploading this video .
POS saw this last night ... amazing !! really , they all did such a great job !!! i 'd go see it over and over again !!!
POS those pics of izzi murder is very nice i wish i could meet her great video and good coise of song you picked for the video
NEG check out dna activation synchronicity , that 's no maybe . the universe is not a `` giant maybe '' - read about unified field theory - youtube search nassim haramein 's work . the time is always now , you are not random and `` maybe '' .
POS i 've seen this shelter and it 's wonderful . so much tlc for all the cats .
NEG i put bon wen in a table of conlangs in the ` conlang ' article on wikipedia but it removed it EMO_HAPPY
NEG my hardware installer doesnt detect it .
POS agreed everyone !! just love it ~ ~
POS thank god for the bbc
NEU - . - it 's from audioswap lol , and what 's wrong with my shooter !?! > : o
NEU also it 's muted sirens , not a new siren . -LRB- source , lyrics in the book of lyrics with the limited edition album -RRB-
POS i love ha so much
NEG weird ...
NEU 1 thing plus a 2nd thing equals a third thing , yes . i saw this long ago . peace
POS damn chris ! just when i thought cosmo was my favorite song from you , i come across this and now i ca n't decide . another great original song ! and after a second listen , i realized `` six lane highway '' was a very clever metaphor haha awesome . ca n't wait to hear more originals !
POS i agree with you
NEG pedicure chairs looks uncomfortable & + no massage . .
NEG and another thing : where do you find these washers ? lowes and home depot does not carry these washers . i spent a half of day and about a half of a tank of gas to find a 25 cents washer . god have mercy on my soul .
NEG that glass looks like itd really be painful for a human face x -LRB-
POS just absolutely beautiful .
POS ... morning musume ft. captain falcon xdman you are the master of h!p remixes .
POS this is my 1st favorite boondox song my 2nd favorite song is sippin
POS 4:50 kid gets emp in care package EMO_HAPPY
POS youre work is amazing . actually , at school we are doing a thing for `` a person you would like to teach at your school and why '' normally , when writing i rush through -LRB- about 3 lines at the most -RRB- , but when writing about mark crilley i go half a page !
POS very nice !
POS superb on the live set too - a great song . simone felice has put together a great band - so good to hear his heart ticking !
POS this song is pretty good this is a good song so ill put it in my ipod ... ...
NEU actually , they were not made for children , but for the general public as a more affordable way to buy records . they were produced between 1914-1923 . if you check out little wonder 249 i have on here , there 's a lot of background and history of these great records i added with that song . thanks for listening !
NEG stop sitting on the bill and be a american ! we need a senetor and senate that will stop the hoa in texas and make us a part of the united states again , hoa is un american !
NEG when he said melee was better he was obviously talking about gameplay . yes brawl owns melee when it comes to features . however classic , allstar , event match and especially targets were butchered in brawl . you ca n't even use online against melee anyway because brawl was a duel laired disk and the gamecube did n't have wifi connection . okay here 's where brawl dies in my eyes . the gameplay ... it was noobed ! for the casual gamers ! almost all of the hitstun was removed , and they added tripping , and ...
NEG lol , shut up !!! writer rage
NEU cuireann an fh?st?ip gliondar ar mo chro ? . caighde?n ard taifeadta agus an t - ? bhar thar a bheith suimi?l . maith sibh a chail?n ?!
POS this car is fantastic ! i drove one last week and absolutely loved it ! it looks gorgeous , rides so well and is so nippy for a 1.0-litre you do n't need anything else ! go for the 1.0-litre manual and you wo n't even have to pay road tax ! brilliant !
POS good response .
POS yes but losing doesnt mean dying . the japanese had a code of honour . they would win or die trying . terrifying and brave . dont say cowardly as its anything but .
POS great !!
NEU y didnt joe get sick ? i thought he was closer 2 nick , but glad they always try 2 be healthy
NEU thats coming from a fag who sings into a camera in his bedroom ! laugh out loud i captured this in the gym as my heaviest squat , and i was quit pleased with myself but never considered weight training as being a homosexual activity until now ! so thanks for that i will call it a day and take up something more manly like playing the banjo , acoustic guitar , singing or perhaps ballet . only joking your songs are n't bad had i little listen EMO_HAPPY
POS to hear this song make me go up and dance to the music.love tradition khmer dance -LRB- ramvong -RRB- .
POS imma marry her !
NEU allah yarahmou l'algerie makhdou3a . ???
NEU honest to god my ancestor is william penn
NEG capitalism is the final chapter in historic evolution of the tyranny of private property relationship ? of alienation , exploitation and suffering of humanity , a market mechanism where minority interest is the negation of our common humanity in cooperation and harmony . we shall overcome the structure of minority power and oppression and reclaim our l planet for a world of cooperation for our common needs and well being , expressing our energetic creative potentials in freedom of being .
NEU kieran is like my sis she will like think there 's something wrong with her and think she needs to go to the dr or stay home from school or whatever
POS part 2 of 9 - after watching it - reconciliation of lebanese people is a true democracy . nadin , best ever film directed for the west and east and of course for the whole world . . truly a great film . i loved it and liked it . excellent piece of work .
NEG and your a fag
NEG so when mr kraft said his ex wife was behind it he knew she was a witch ?
POS love the tune from 4:15 to 5:40
POS i find this very captivating , awe inspiring . a very impressive interpretation of the song and it 's meaning , where the hell was my animation class in middle or high school ? damn . . i would have loved to have a chance to take that .
POS cool vid !!!!! i guess the guy that cut away had his reserve repact due the next day !!!!!!
POS i love when the media spends weeks talking about how they should n't be talking about something .
NEU
POS oh my god thats just ... wow i cant even describe how amazing that was beautiful awsomness !!!
NEU this was 2004
NEU if the `` gold medal '' is living your life under ground , then f ** k it , il take me chances on land !!!
NEU what would happen if weegee fought against light from deathnote in mugen ? who would win ?
NEG sad thing about the maxima is that it sucks unless it 's loaded up with features . what sucks about it is the way it feels and handles and the s model 's suspension is way too soft and bouncy . the gas pedal allows no modulation , and the car is n't the easiest feeling to drive . i 'm talking about the base model s only , the loaded up ones with sport suspension are awesome though .
NEG laugh out loud how she gon na have makeup on coming out the water
NEU have these comments become a random circle of randomness ? . good moc kid . good to see a mocer near my age .
NEU wher do you order your kits from
POS yes you get it.welcome to my website rotarycuttertools com get more info .
NEU i 've enjoyed chrysler ever since i rode in my great aunt 's 1971 imperial
NEG huffdaddy72801 - you are offering false , misleading teachings on christianity . your so-called ` bilblical unitarianism ' does n't exist anywhere in the bible as anyone who reads and studies the bible knows quite clearly
NEU yea , the hardest are the ` follow ' or ` stalk ' quests ... but you get used to it . EMO_HAPPY
NEG what does that even mean ???? lots of big words that sound clever and mean nothing . the only thing that made any sense was that we are all connected . but anybody with eyes could see that .
POS how did you put the mountains and continuous sky there
POS best best ;--RRB-
NEU todavia esta vivo el sicodelico !
POS i cry every time i hear this song so beautiful and it brings back so many memories ... . damn you m.c. my one true love at the time .
NEU wow . so many chinese cambodian in australia :-RRB- ! i think i should moved over there ! i hate the u.s. now !
POS thanks i love your comment tooooooooooo sk80nzero
NEG she is an idiot !!!
POS your friend is quite the character , not the best photographer though ! i could n't get a good look at the spider . you 're a brave man , i must say EMO_HAPPY
POS that was really cool !! :d
NEG whoever sang the chorus killed it
NEG someone kill me if this thing actually comes to life in the real world . . just shoot me
POS hes got to be the best pirate i ever seen `` so it would seam ''
POS still amazing no matter how many times i watch it . i can pray for book two book but i highly doubt it will ever come out EMO_HAPPY
NEG not for me this one !
POS glory to god ! thanks so much for uploading this beautiful video . it helps me prepare for church every sunday !
NEU you 're right , they probably would n't but the lyrics just make me think that EMO_HAPPY
POS i used to prefer the other version but this one is a little more laid back and his voice sounds fantastic
NEU 45 people had such a big ear orgasam they missed the like botton
POS those are by far the beefiest mutton chops i 've seen in a while , the only other person to grow that kinda weed-age was a rude-boy in hollywood who looked like a muppet with dirty denim and smelled like axe and bo ... however joel is by far much cooler & cleaner
POS massive ! big up this dub large and heavy
NEU laugh out loud - he was so busy hunting down your skirmishers he forgot about his left flank .
POS this is wonderful it reminds me of gong x
NEU she saw the teeth mark on her .
NEU lol ... not 400 . . more lik 150 with a whole different mindset . . if i sounded like a dick a i didnt mean it . im just hella jealous that these people can play sc2 and i have to wait till its realesed . . its not wrong to want to see an epic match right ?
NEU you missed the point here in a very dramatic way . i believe in creation because i know god . and yes , there are only 2 ways `` this '' all happened . 1 , god spoke it into existence with order and purpose , or 2 it all just began on its own without
NEG has she aged naturally !!!!!!!!
NEU ese jaripeo es como en mi rancho que la gente anda vendiendo los garbansos y las papitas chindonas las fiestas como estrano ami ranchito querido
POS this is about wp , or white plains in new york i live there and my math teacher used to go to bars with him and 2 years ago when he was still known as matt miller he came to my 8th grade math class and beatboxed . it was pretty sick .
NEU laugh out loud at how they watching him get beat up
POS yukimura sings the best !!
POS or you could just listen to all of them :d that always works too EMO_HAPPY
NEU binghamton 4th of july weekend - blue angels : dhoping to get to rochester this year , but it 's less of an incentive when neither the thunderbirds or the blue angels are headlining ... EMO_HAPPY
POS whoa
NEU everyone is so mean to frisco ... give him a break
POS me and my friend thought our mom 's put ecstacy in our drinks when we saw this o.oso trippy maaaaan
NEU i 'm going to boot up my laptop and take shit while watching this . it 's like eating mcdonalds while watching a mcdonalds commercial . so satisfying .
POS great cover , except a couple small things . first , congrats on having a good enough ear to down tune yer bass a half step . on the bad side though , listen to the stops . the last note in the main riff is either stopped short , not sustained , or it slides up to the octive d -LRB- e on a standard tuning -RRB- . other than that minor thing good job woohoooooooooooooo
POS really nice ! like an impromtu rot hod !
NEU sad that hes no longer with fsn so i just turn on my tv at home turn it all the way down and put the radio on the x just to listen to lange !
POS omj !! post soon !
POS so.damn.intense
NEU i do n't even have to watch this video to write this . that 's one i watch often but wo n't subscribe to . i generally watch every sub vid as they come . i have to be in the right mood to watch the meltdown . when in the mood i search bethzilla and watch as much as i can take or until caught up.nice imitation on the intro .
POS can you do one of that toyota tundra you had in the background ? i 've got one and would love to hear your review of it . thanks
NEG ehh . . he means modd them!like pimpin them!u get it ?
POS great aikido , great music , great energy ! thanks for posting ! 5 stars !
POS that shit would be cool to work for rockford fosgate
NEU wait so is this miam or niley
POS jacq : you were wonderful ! and what an honor : congratulations , molly
POS laugh out loud hi there !! xd 0:27
NEU what day of this month does england play montenegro ?
NEG it sounds to me that hitler has been reincarnated in the form of lord ahmed . let us all rally to get riid of him before he helps the muslims to take over this country . although i admit there are some good muslims amongst these evil people who live under the cover of religion so they can get away with murder .
POS i love this music ... this song was pre loaded on my laptop when i purchased it . every time i play it i get teased ... lol , it goes well w / your slide show
NEU 2030 now ?! well done obama well done .
NEU the explosion must have been season 2 of 24 . poor george mason .
NEG actually this ad hurts homosexuals because it makes homosexuality seem like a choice .
NEG woah , slow your role cuz . i aint makin shit up . im ahmose the liberator . the corruption killer . i bring nothin but the truth . my main goal is to stop all lies , lies = corruption . you do n't know my life , but if you would take my word then you would know my life . please fall back with that `` jockin '' shit . it is what it is , jockin or not this shit has to happen . i dont know why you mad at me when im helpin yall niggas out . im stoppin that mainstream bullshit .
POS thanks dudee my first attempt EMO_HAPPY
POS how the hell do you have only 500 subscribers . this is one of the best series of videos i 've ever seen . you 're fucking rad sweettea , way better than shitty brookers , how the hell did she make it up there ?
POS mahalo ! i will keep doing it as long as i can .
NEG you 're not telling us anything we have n't already heard countless times . sorry to disappoint you .
POS sweet !
NEU part 1
NEG go clown yourself !
NEG he handled the fire not working thing good , `` that was it , is that a joke ? ''
POS the new hat system for counter strike is going to be epic .
POS thank you soooo freaking much !!!
NEU i recognize mitch weissman as paul , but hopw could i find out who played george & ringo ???
POS holy crap !!!! this is the most amazing thing i 've heard and read in a long time ...
POS great vids ! but you should add some caption at the start saying you may need a blowdryer and nailclippers lol . my bb is still in pieces until i can get those off people tonight haha .
NEG that mac was so shitty . i wish i wouldnt have seen that part
NEG mad air on that back disaster
NEG irael you dont know how strong we ... arabs ... are !! you have not won yet !!!
NEU ohhhh ... i wan na know about the `` the family life and personal struggles of drunken tiger front man , tiger jk '' and of t but i do n't understand hangul , can you please put english subtitles ? ?????
NEG i wonder , eventually we will be able to illegally torrent ferraris and shit , xd . download a paperclip !!!!
NEU is n't this from part 2 ?
POS oooooh yea
POS very good flick ! 1:50 is the best scene .
POS this song is the best :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- < 3 i love their voices < 3does jonathon sing ?
POS completely agree with you man ! join the revoluion and fight for our rights !
NEU welll > . > ty for telling me were to get the stinking dotter my only problem is were the one like it has a dotting tool and on the other side it has a thin brush were do i get that one ?
NEG this is why you must learn to manage your own accounts , . . unreal
POS - it 's a tamil folk song from tamil nadu , southern india ... ... a typical village song
NEG panic !!!!! where 's the xanax ?
NEG ... and they should have edited that out . just like being at the movies and some numb nutt speaks out the dialogue ahead of time . people need to shut up and let the audience enjoy the calculated impact .
NEU dizzee rascal for prime minister , whats happenin . lmfao
NEU hey curt where was this ?
POS this is better . i like it ! camera 's rock !! EMO_HAPPY
POS this is the best song on the album . daughtry is amazing . this album is far better than the first one , which was amazing too . . but this one blows it out of the water . hands down .
NEU yeah i got it now
NEG whooo no nwo
NEU laugh out loud i knew silver would pick k.f.c because i know thats your fave i did see that coming .
NEG what the fuck 1:00:05 how long can videos beeeeeeeeeeeeeeee fuck google
POS oh wow that looks delicious. :3
POS i want that song !
POS nce vid you should make some more vids like this and wat is the name of the manga ?
POS wow nice i love it and lviv the video is so nice good job man god bless you and god bless ukraine !
POS probably so . dwight was on flaco 's `` partners '' album around this time , and he took flaco on the road with him.btw , if you 've never heard that album , it 's worth a spin . dwight does warren zevon 's `` carmalita '' with flaco . good stuff !
NEG death to croatia !!!
NEG sad to hear you lost you are money on drip ... but hope you are back to kills some more nerds broski
NEU ikr ?? laugh out loud
POS i 'm getting my first pair from shoedazzle soon ! i 'm soooo excited ! it 's sooo pretty ! love ! the best part is ... it 's high quality shoes for only forty bucks a month ! holy goodness ! :d
POS dreams of an absolution
POS nice show
POS love it !
NEG tomalak was salty as all hell after the birds of prey de-cloaked .
NEG oh , damn it ! now this song is stuck in my head .
POS thank you jesus . when i was 8 , i heard about a man who loved me so much that he gave his very life for me . he is the best friend i 've ever had . i heard about him , and now i 'm trying to tell others about him too . .
NEG cheap drama ...
POS looks pretty decent . how much you asking ?
POS wow i showed this to all my friends
POS thanks esrohtv , i enjoyed this tremendously !
NEG what you posted , makes absolutely no sense what so ever !
POS i am so impressed and the hard work shows through . wonderful girls , keep it up !!
POS matts a badass ! lol . love this clip .
NEU you are correct and incorrect . slam is indeed a waste . using dw and wreck at the start insures maximum usage throughout the fight . at least at high levels of gear hit capping is very good because of the rage generation . and as for mastery me and
NEG it is excessive force , no dicipline taken from sgt. jesse garcia to those men who did that . . the cop that did the kicking n punching , send his ass over here id like to whip his ass , along with that other cop punching and tazered him 3 times . friggen rediculas .
POS takes me back , great band great songs
POS drewin looks so good when he go see janay .
NEU me too
POS hey is this on your flip camera ?
POS thats so awesome ! i want one ! EMO_HAPPY x
NEU we are not trained technicians here and are using the vca description to explain the end result , which is volume . if you could explain a different way to us on what is happening then we will use that information to explain to others in the future . we just took it that being an electronic instrument that it would be using voltage to control the amplitude .
NEG dye noun
POS great video keep up the good work mate
NEU cgi sucks jackie is the real stunt man
POS thats really cool ! never seen anything like it !
NEU hi . i get your message , i just want to know if you believe in aliens ?
POS this is beautiful !!!
NEU why nick got that stank face hahahaha
NEU better by switchfoot
POS if you wan na download this mp3 click to easymp3grab doht cohm .
POS
NEU it 's in the description now
POS the roy orbison image , backing and vocal is very good . nice job marty . my type of music ! regards brian uk
POS wow , you 're getting better and better every time ! this deserves a 5 star rating even with the wrong words in the second verse , lol ! x-d
NEG how did you get the screen in there is it stickin out i had bought one for my town car and them ho 's told me it wouldnt fit
NEU huitres maricones , sepan que en mexico solo hay dos escuelas de agronomia -- chapingo y las dema -- !!!!!!!
POS hi ! no it 's just that when i bought the bloggie from tigerdirect , it , sdhc , was on sale and class 6 to boot ! it 's still on sale for less than $ 15.00 , now .
POS aww that looks really pretty EMO_HAPPY
NEG um whats up with this
NEG you did a horrible job with your mom 's voice . it 's alot more ... I do n't know eviler ? xd if thats a word ... EMO_HAPPY
NEU so a mom isnt aloud to congratulate her son because he made a basket in basketball ?
NEG advertisment shit
POS and now claas came out and beat that record in 6 hours !
POS my dad and uncle sang the song in this movie called , `` please be mine tonight . '' EMO_HAPPY !
POS hey charles , where did you get that necklace ???!?!?!
NEG yeah , the three guys that died in this accident were buried in lead caskets due to the radiation they recieved and were thus giving off . and yet the people who enter the facility for the `` clean up '' scrubbed themselves vigorously ... uh huh , like that did the trick .
POS hey . EMO_HAPPY just saying hi .
POS revlon superstay liquid e/l is meant to be good
NEU i hope you well better soon . i 'm off to research because i 've never even heard of welchol .
NEG men . they are all the same , arent they ? sitting around talking about their conquests among each other , about who is cute , who they felt up , and all that . with that said , this is a mighty rich culture .
NEU oh ha my bad laugh out loud ...
POS awesome video ! 5 ***** and fav.yes , you are absolutely right!the epistles to the church and the brethren at corinth is so good at proving osas and refuting those lordship salvationists!it says it right there in verse 1 ! paul calls them brethren!but all these rejectors of osas would say they are n't brethren !
POS that was front flip
POS beautiful ghazal
NEU am fost acolo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEG what does low points have to do with it ?
NEG i 'd fuck the shit out of selena gomez !!
NEU yeah i guesse .
NEG laugh out loud silly ego whore
NEU what 's with the uniform ? how many passengers and flight attendants do you have in that boeing 172 ?
NEU trust imdb and watch at your own risk
POS i love this song !
NEU maybe you should check out dr michael newtons ` journey of souls ' maybe you are regressing to the existence ` between ' lives .
NEU hmm . . basy na koncu troche pod dzwiekiem , co przeszkadza , ale og?lnie bardzo dobre wykonanie . swietnie ! p.s. czy przy fortepianie siedzi pani ewa j. ? jesli tak , to pozdr?wcie ja ode mnie bardzo serdecznie EMO_HAPPY
POS jack : do n't do anything stupid
NEU diablo k cancion tan buena , yo nunca antes habia oido algo como esto ,
NEU 2276cc
POS i like this theory best -- i am trying to think how that unpredictable factor is best expressed in personality psychology terms . it 's some combination of being a bit ` manic ' so you take a lot of risks , and having a high ` openness to new exper
NEU vlik ogledov ane :d
NEU i 'm curious . why the kinman p/ups ? why not a set of seymour duncan 's ? there are currently at least 3 seymour duncan 's on ebay for ? 20 a piece or a full set for ? 118 . nice guitar though , sounds great ! how about a replica of the red strat with the emg active p/ups ?
NEG i dunnow ... ask cole porter ...
POS i love it .
POS julia makes me sad whenever i listen to it . it is so beautiful and eerie .
NEG its not on the crooked side its laying on the crooked side which makes it look like the sub is on the crooked side . you should double check before you comment
NEG miller ca n't get a gig anywhere but fox bullshit !
NEG heh . poo face .
NEU najbolji deo kad kaze : `` jer mora da se ima dobra rakija , u dzepu obawezno , nova nokia , ispred kuce golf , serije dwa '' :d :d
POS this guys not to bad with the old cat and can
NEU mashallah ...
NEG this is garbage
NEG i have a question thumbs up if you agree with me . why do people watch a video just to hit the dislike button and make inquisitive people like me ask questions ? it seems like a waste of time to me .
POS that crowd is sick ... how did you control the dancing woman without riot control ?!
NEG stupiddddd ...
NEG well . this song is rather blatant looking at it one way and rather ambiguously worded looking at it from the other angle.allude to sex on the internet - > preteens go crazy
NEU just remember that they do n't control us through lies , they will try and control us through truth . look to our national constitution and state constitutions . they are the supreme laws of the land . our forefathers saw this day coming . some say that it is their goal to overthrow this great country through a third party . see the truth , but refuse their solutions . their biggest fear is that we will remember the words that built a nation . our rights are endowed to us by our `` creator '' .
NEG dl is really boring I do n't know how he a king of comedy n he use da same jokes every stand up jus in diff order
NEG well , this company is a scam to a certain degree . the coins being marketed by numis network do n't need to be in slab cases . this is simply a marketing strategy used by this company to sell silver coins as `` collectibles '' . there is more money to ? be made selling coins as `` collectibles '' -LRB- i.e. overpriced -RRB- ; but , again the silver coins being marketed by this company are simply hedges against inflation and it does n't matter if they have been mishandled , or have scratches on them .
POS thanks for the video ! great job !
POS introspective is now 22 years old and sounds like they made it yesterday . brilliant .
NEU fucking sick !! grave digger is so underrated !!! one of my favorite bands .
NEU j' adore , elle chante bien
POS amazing at the end i lost my voice .
POS awesome !!!!
NEU like jelly stuff
POS i agree and i norm listen to hip hop , rap , rnb , garage but wen me mate put this track on i was like : o the beat is bangin
POS my youth choir sings this song !!
NEG thats horrible ! not the plot line , the slaughter fest that can cause !!!
POS what kinda camera did you use ??? its great quality
NEG and and and ... uhh uhh uhh ... does he know anything about the game .
POS perfection
NEU a public option is a must ! any health care bill without one wo n't control costs enough .
POS to get this mp3 go to audofier doht cohm .
NEG raven is freaking bullshit , why does n't serge just leave ? if he survived so long unregestered and out of prison , then he can do it again .
POS yes ! matt finally got to play an organ live , i think he 's been wanting to for agesss !
POS couple of sound level issues , but sweeeet apart from that , we want more !
POS i was a little worried at first , but you ended up doing an amazing job ! you have a great level of detail . very fun to watch . i hope you upload more .
NEG we havent found anythingwhat can i say the nile is n't just a river in egypt .
NEU does it drive
NEU do you help find new homes for the rescued rats , or do you just keep them all ?
NEG i liked johann a lot more in print . his article on ex-jihadists . he pointed out that 93 % of muslims in london do not support a viewpoint of islamism and violence .
POS i became devotional after watching this movie . if possible you too watch
POS awesome ! . but the shipping takes awhile , but i cant wait !
NEG oh hello tea party . how does this feel !?
NEG ok dot def fuck dat jawn up all crazy
POS this band is awesome xd she is so amazingly cute ^ __ ^
POS i just love this song ... and gurdas mann 's voice is awesome ...
POS haha dats jokes ... funny shit man lool . . id crack up if the people who was actually walkin n past n `` dancin '' saw the video hahaha
NEU but in the end she did n't control anything . i do like a.b , but not as much as alot of other tudor fans
POS mme lucazeau is magnificent and domin -
NEG where the fuck is part 3 and 6 i wan na see the midget and the donut guy .
NEG since 1978 - the cia just got worse
NEU is black ops in both the past and present : s
POS its funny that i still remember in your concert in new york in `` 2001 '' i think ... ya were singing `` it happens every time '' then you said `` i love you '' to a fan ! you and frankie were the sweet ones !
NEU how do you know ? you met shannon on tour ?!?
NEG that is not a piper pa-28 . that is a cessna skylane c-182 . pa-28 's do n't have those long skinny landing gears . and the elevator is completely different . a search for the tail number reveals is a c-182 . i ca n't figure out how the media called this one a piper as for them all small airplanes they call them cessnas EMO_HAPPY
NEG you are a rock fan right ? only they are so ignorant.i would peek at your channel and see , but you dont deserve any views .
NEG kid yamamoto is a fucking thug
POS fackin ' class !
NEG a men to that mi brotha you hate it kuz you dont understand it faget
NEU dr champion
POS dat 'll work too :d
POS well cool
NEU its carb legal right ?
POS np
POS thankz 4 the walkthrough man you are funny 2 haha thankz 4 all the walkthroughs you have done
POS laugh out loud nick you humans burn in the sunlight ... we just dazzle laugh out loud loved it
NEG ...
NEU the way the dad is in this is how my dad is ... lol i aint kiddin
NEU ahahahahahhahahaha . laugh my ass off
NEG wait im lost , i responded to pri2006 and meant to say gouliani is an idiot . so are you defending gouliani , or did you think that i thought ron paul was an idiot . bc i like ron paul but think gouliani is an idiot . let me know . ron paul , baby !!!!
NEG i thibk he hack that acocunt
POS thanks.yeah that majini 's molotov being thrown in the complete opposite direction was laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY
POS oh ha haha ha hours n hours o ' fun !!!!
POS this is some great music ! 5stars !
POS the host is vicky beeching . she actually has a cd that came out in 2006 . she 's really good-worth checking out :-RRB-
NEU this is ... surreal .
POS very interesting . you have a unique style , vocally , lyrically , musically - they are all different than i have heard before .
NEG wooww all these kids are fags talking about how he beats women . do you fags believer everything you hear . and in case you didnt know he was found not guilty .
POS you are amazing !
NEG considering the early comments on this video are up to a year ago , pretty sure vista was n't even out yet ... s_s
POS only 322 views wow
POS love this and this song ! EMO_HAPPY muahhhhhhh ksg rocks and is the real winner . . love it nina ! muah !
POS that was sal and richard baby
POS nita ,
POS by the way i love the eva biped
POS ` although i look like a joker ' - mashallah dr sahib , i love your sense of humour as well as all your dawaa . keep it up .
NEG make another portal someplace diffrent and you will spawn somewhere else in the nether
NEU or ... zach galifianakis looks like sam beam .
NEU ummm allrighteee then
NEG stein was guy who set up william hill he had casino that was closed down for dodgy operations .
NEG why stand on a silent platform , fight the war , fuck the norm ! , censorship my ass , let him say what he wants to say , thats whats wrong with the politicians , they do n't vote whats best for america but whats demorcatic or republican .
NEU - heh ... you 're right . i 'll ignore it .
POS oh coool wow good luck EMO_HAPPY he sounds awsomeee
POS we have to try .
POS im memorizing that surah right now , this video will be useful ;--RRB-
NEU my bad looked like a rattler !
NEU glad this chase scene did n't end of the marx brothers ' career in films . `` the big store '' was to be their last picture , but `` a night in casablanca '' and `` love happy '' followed .
NEG she is a bit of a bitch isnt she ?
NEU oh noes , a lethal banana .
POS yup . it will pass through the audio to your receiver . so you can do 5.1 , 6.1 , 7.1 ... whatever.the audio jack is also an optical out .
POS oh please do , thanks x
POS awesome video . i like the old grill better though
POS you can see the silhouette of black jesus smiling down on you from inside the sun
POS love this !!!!
NEU i think he made the news pretty easily recently .
POS commodore stone does a good job of ringing that bell . if he gets tired of being a commodore , he might do well as a good humor man . lt. shaw , however , is probably the worst prosecuting attorney of all time . she lets spock make speeches on the witness stand , and she ca n't see cogley 's defense coming from a mile away . good looking chick , though , and in starfleet that 's all the qualification needed .
NEU check out thoruim alliance channel on youtube or on google tech talks.according to them thorium seems very promising and reasonably safe sounds almost to good to be true .
POS oh i love him robin ! ca n't wait to see him at the inspection .
NEG jesus warned of `` false christs '' and deceivers who would come to mislead the masses , saying , '' ... they will kill you and think they do god a service . '' do not follow the agents of antichrist !
NEG can you tell me where did he go ?
NEU ahhhhhh , this songg is on `` pretty little liars '' when toby is getting aressed / :
NEG nrm supporters are just hooligans and are proving their hijack of the nation in mere preliminary elections
NEG i have personally met with at least two such people . once was a polish jewish woman who went through nazi concentration camps , and then through soviet labor camps . she said it was pretty much the same thing .
NEU agenda genocide . very nice .
POS thanks . i 'm getting into green juice and spirulina now , and i 'm eating fresh vegetables and salad all the time and i feel great for it ! a question though , do i need to eat all my food raw ? at the moment i eat boiled sweet potatoes and steamed veg . i also drink cucumber juice . i 'm vegetarian now , but i need to go completely vegan . also , how do you feel about alcohol ?
POS james gregory for president !!!
NEU it 's important because this is probably the first feature film the us has ever made , and it shows how we should not portray some people in film , such as the african americans . in school you have to learn about the events of the civil war and t
POS love this amv !!!!!!!!!! xd !!!!!!!
NEG we need to organize ! we need to inform ! stop being sheep and open your minds to this blatant architecture of tyranny and oppression !!!!!
POS practice this , and save some lives !
NEG this is a bullshitits like staring at ketys vagina and not doing anything else
NEG no way ... seriously ?
POS john lithgow is stunning in this role .
POS simply lovely !!!!
POS an amazing interview great info thanks for sharingnamaste
NEG do you have a black belt in karate ? btw : you should 've used a wig when you acted like your mom !!!
NEU eunhyuk & kyuhyun & donghae oppa < 3
POS nice horn .
NEG we get it now stop complaining and watch the dang show
POS damn . this kid can ball ... nebraska would be well served by offering this kid . i think , judging by his film and brian carnes ' , kain is better in every aspect of the game .
NEU do you have any information regarding the creation of bonds on prisoners ?
NEU sorry about the poor audio !!! i will remove and replace this video as soon as i can reprocess the audio track .
NEU hmmm as davros has appeared and hees dead its possible that the emporer has appeared as well ?
NEG the end is very near !
POS i just went to the k i love there jumbo tron
POS -LRB- clip seems to be from about dec. 2006 , if anyone 's wondering -RRB-
POS yep , go for it
NEG this is bullshit get chemo abvd but beacop is better
POS good god almighty . . i can not believe i missed this . diana is pure electric . how could one living being not be touched by her , her song , look , and truth .
NEU laugh out loud
POS niicee , ! i fucking love you ! -LRB- if your a gir -RRB- hahahha
POS good job dude . can you please send me the tab .
POS this is a awesome vid !!! i think i kno u. are you hunter f. bcuz you look like him .
NEG ill shit
NEG at 2:00 i was like `` its teh triplets from hell ! ''
POS i understand how people think gaga is a cher copy ... however . i dont think thats really true . sure , gaga is way out there , so was cher . but the music is different and i think gaga just took inspiration from all of the greats , and has still created her own person . you can love them all .
NEU are the achivments eazy ?
NEG you should put some extra long sliders on you ass
NEU the intro reminds me of pantera so much
NEU i hav 2 agree with u. i understand where you are coming from though fantasiap . i also used 2 struggle with the alot 2 .
NEU i feel something 's unusually clever about this .
POS i loved davey/romero . those stiff kicks really made it great . i love that puro style . i remember a point where davey was gon na kick romero in the head but romero moved and davey slammed his ankle against the ring post . that looked like it hurt a lot . btw , you said you gave davey/romero *** 3/4 but in the description you put ** 3/4 . just saying since you probably did n't notice.btw that asian chick 's name is jade chung.great video !
POS nice one ! land surveyors all over the world must have fun.check out my site for some scottish surveying fun as well as some scottish scenery .
NEU i 'm serious . spunkman is my uncle !!!! he made all these kickass levels !
NEU they had sex
POS hey check out our version of pan in ` a ' minor . new dimension -LRB- grenada -RRB-
NEG no , i do n't think there will be a touring m5 this time . i could be wrong , i think i just read it somewhere . probably the new m-sport 5 series though .
POS cool , does this actually air in russia ? i hope there 's some ron paul russians out there .
NEU many years ago `` the guy `` left world and retreatto `` dungeon of doom `` now `` young boy '' goes todefeat `` the guy '' andbecome `` the guy '' with hlsgun pass handed down byformer `` grandfather the guy `` go find the `` 8 '' unitsnow become `` the guy ''
POS half indians rock !
NEG mrebonyman : you put the ignant in indignant .
POS woooooow i 'm luvin this !!!! got ta give it 5 stars !!! i 'm a rapper born in london now living in the usa.if you want feel free to check out my music and tell me what you think EMO_HAPPY
POS i love the horse of the year show , hope i can ride in it with my current horse one day -LRB- big dream -RRB- but we might get there one day !
POS aww ! it 's so amazing that your doing so many follow-ups !!! and the got married !! yay !!!! i '' m so happy and sad at the same time !!! if you do the kids and joe , i seriously can not wait !!!!!!
POS this is such a good song . the video is a bit irrelevant , do n't you think xd it 's like indiana jones themed , haha . EMO_HAPPY
NEG 0:01 skip ads .
POS one of the things we loved about debbie when she first hit the scene in 1978 , is how damn cool she was !!! well guess what , she 's as cool as ever ! queen of cool at any age .
POS this song is amazing !!!!!
NEG english sub please
POS master wong is rocking some dope ass pants .
POS thanks mate . much appreciated EMO_HAPPY
POS i love brokencyde . ! i reallyeh like this song , well all of their songs xd
POS launch before the columbia . by the way first comment .
NEU why is aerodactyl nicknamed harry r. ?
POS great work building that plane . it looks and flies like a beauty .
NEG the blendtec carafe currently has a 3 year warranty , -LRB- lifetime warranty on blade assembly -RRB- and if you end up with cracks in it , something terribly freakish is going on , or you have been using it as a target at the shooting range . blendtec
POS lets funk , yeah
NEG clowns are scary !!!!!! but good job
POS 1.50 center stone , h , vs1 , f , round cut -LRB- for maximum facet light reflections -RRB- , 8 diamonds on the sides . .3 / 8 ctw total on the 8 diamonds . . got for $ 11,188 -LRB- $ 12,000 originally -RRB- will keep upgrading carat with time . . aim is $ 50,000 . . wedding band is 1 ctw . . -LRB- proposing next july . . wish me luck -RRB- , and yes , yours is a very good quality . . what ya think of mine ? -LRB- errr . . hers hahaha -RRB- .
POS yes . xd
POS this is great
NEG i feel a bit sorry for all the marvel heroes because something bad happend to most of them spiderman : his uncle died which he blames himself for not stoping the killer when he had the chance , ghost rider : father died and became the spirit of vengence , wolverine went through alot of pain iron man is no longer human , has his pacemaker as a machine and i can go on and on but you know what i mean .
NEG over populate ? yes , true but the jobs that the latin american people do are the low profile jobs . such as hard critical manual labour . which involves a lot of physical stamina . dish washing and etc. if they are doing low profile jobs like
POS 01:05 -01:28
POS okay that all sounds wonderfull . where can i buy one ?
NEG agreed !!!! in this day and age `` doing the right thing '' often comes with a lawsuit for the do gooder . it 's sad to say but i think as long as he called the authorities he did the right thing !
NEG as long as the gop is for tax loop holes that encourage us corps to use chinese slave labor , and for deregulating the criminal bankers , and holding up sba lending to small business , and for taxing billionaire hedgefund managers ? at 15 % when i pay over 20 % . . as long as the gop is for this bs . . they are not on my side and they do n't get my support.true , obama is late to the game , helping small business but the gop are just obstructionists .
POS i was n't sure at first , but the end product is really gorgeous ! great job !
NEU me to
POS very impressive selection , incredible playback off those 78s ! i 'm a blues guy , and have n't heard some of these . tasty !
POS one of the greatest songs ever produced .
NEG they tried but what you see in most of the ` room ' pic is the ` upgrade ' that cost more ... some upgrade , from bad to ` as bad ' ...
NEG please tell me that that robot bed will be only for the disabiblties that cant move or we will turn all fat !!!
POS great song by mike , thanks for posting this .
NEU how does the laser light destroy the cavity ?
POS thank god we had him for awhile .
POS nick and ria are the best dancers !!
NEG 7th damn not first
POS you should add some more tags to get more views . i would add to the ones you already have - detroit diesel 371 oliver 3-71
POS great job getting it to play decent chad and it really sounds good .
POS gigantic palaces
NEG i was n't directly talking about violent video games.i 'm coming from a point of competition . despite demographics , nintendo used the event to find ways to one-up a competitor . afterward , with the adoption of the esrb , nintendo allows violence in their games , such as the snes version of mk 2 . this business , like any other that 's entertainment-related and has large sums of revenue involved , is cut-throat with contenders doing a lot of backstabbing stuff to each other out of the public eye .
NEG north , north east , north west = nothin
NEU i get all the news i need on the weather report .
NEU what do you listen to ?
POS awesomely epic ! laugh out loud i laughed so hard , i nearly peed myself ! 5/5 and fav EMO_HAPPY
POS thank you . you just saved me hours of fustration . even though your half way accross the world .
NEU i appreciete your way , i have another way to achieve goals and keeping your motivation in high level , by fixing an elastic goal which move by the time you achiving it
NEU this is not true you need to change the ucs or actually read your command line and it ask what two points on what axis you wish to rotate
NEU was that ricky gervais , who drunk the water and spat it up from laughing ?
NEG i like mr. larouche , i just wished he would get to the point , like a greatest hits of his current info on what the heck is going on
POS your videos are awesome and understandable , i 'm always referencing them
NEG
POS lmao , this video is so creepy o.o
POS hahaa . . this was good . great singing voice tol
NEG israel have zero credibility .
POS nice !
POS laugh out loud what the fuck was that about ... sitting by the fire drinkin a can of ginhahahahaha !!!!!!!!
NEG can you help ? i ca n't get the files to show up on mine when i connect to the tv
NEG oh you mean the debuff line , cant remember the precise name . all addons are listed on the main channel page though .
POS how funny , right before i listened to this song i fished eating some cracker jacks ! nice music ! i hope you post more !
NEU you managed to make pocahontas sinister . there has to be some sort of award for that .
NEG jeez they really know how to getta season three do n't they ?
NEU there 's part 2 . about time . the game maybe long , but it was fun to play .
NEG oh dear . why oh why ?!!
NEG dead rising 2 is not dead island you fag
NEU anyone who wants to trade a level 80 for a level 80 mage 3100gs , relentless and wrathful pvp gear . message me and i 'll get back with you asap . i 'm bored with my mage and want to try out other characters .
NEG no he does n't .
NEU around a cluck : o
NEG ok are you scared of a goat ? a rat ? a bird ? a tree , music , people life . all those things kill you .
NEU fantasmagorical elspeth
NEU komar heryanto ... bisa minta alamat tem
POS i wish i had that elephant head in my room
POS i love love love love this and youuuuu
POS watch at 1:25 on the left haha
POS his handwriting is amazingly good . it 's interesting how much repetition exists in math . a development of a topic involves such a gradual transformation of ideas . it 's very gentle . math pokes at the imagination in a very powerful way . that lecture hall seems like a happy place . i wish i was there . i would play firsbee afterwards .
NEG yeah i noticed , juggernaught , claymores , x3 , everything sorted ... oh and by the way that shotgun kill streak was inspiring :d it 's nice to see they 've upped their close range damage . tuesday will never come soon enough EMO_HAPPY
POS like the gator ! i just made a forum for gators . please check it out we could use your knowledge . johndeeregatorforum
NEG its twin pipes.they sound like crankshop
POS apple 's in high gear these days !
NEG coulrophobia . . fear of clowns . .
NEU ... pms . . jebena stvar . . b -RRB-
NEU i suck @ beatboxin compared 2 michael ! oh my god he makes everything i do suck compared 2 him ! but i aint mad @ him still my man !
NEG in a nutshell , $ cientology is a war on sanity !
NEU yep , standing end and working end . but remember different people from different area 's have other names they use , from a boating background i use working and standing .
NEG just smaked that nigga laugh out loud
POS betty 's pies is awesome . i tried the bumbleberry pie . best pie i 've ever had !
NEG lita was pregnant wen she had the lil fight with trish , thts y wwe is so fake if tht was real she would 've miss-carried ! , dont bother replyin to this comment cos i dont care its my oppinion !!!!
POS np EMO_HAPPY
NEG what are you guys so afraid of ? the assumption that war must be part of the mix is a product of the fear mongering academicians . let people control their destinies , it 's called freedom .
POS great video i do the exact same stretches EMO_HAPPY laugh out loud its funny how you keep getting tongue twisted when sayjng ` stretch you are splits ' ! xd
POS hey . the movie is only playing in 3d here also . i see your point about kelly brooke . EMO_HAPPY thanks for the comment !
NEU hahaha no si se oye algo . . y tu ve la opotunidad de poder ver lo en persona !! oh my god esta mas guapo de lo que pensaba y es lindisimo !! si les gusta la cansion cuando la escuchan imaginate en persona !!! omg !! esta 3 veses mejor !! me dio escalofrillos cuando lo tuve ayi enfrente oscuchango lo cantar !! es bien buena onda !!
POS such talent . such passion . what a beautiful , magnificent voice ! wonderful .
NEU 9:32 the beginning of a lady in the bible you seldom hear about but accounts for psychic abilitieshuldah the prophetess cuts to the chase
NEG so why does n't the pope or bishops kneel during consecration or to receive communion ? are they more worthy than we are ? why do n't they have to show `` proper respect and adoration ? '' i 've never received a satisfactory answer
POS yo , grav hammer ? total . halo . steal .
NEU bonito video y bonita cancion EMO_HAPPY
NEG why isnt he pro yet ? fuck
NEG that scared the crap out of me too .
NEU its hard to believe that in five or ten years there will be no more actors still living from the great film , the wizard of oz
NEG man . . poor captaincy/team management let mumbai down . . nayar at 3 ahead of rayudu/tiwary is a disaster . . pollard sent in after duminy and harbhajan !!!! spinners win matches at dy patil ... dhoni is a smart guy floored deccan and mi with three spinners . . zaheer is a choker . . he abused dilhara with maa behen ghalis when he dropped a catch . . but he himself dropped even easier catch next over ... zaheer was responsible for wc 2003 loss and now ipl final loss ...
POS amen !
POS he plays and sings his ass off - i want to cath this guy live !!!!!
NEG you stupid . those 80 's rolands cold rock , word !
NEU this the video of the morning on my channel
POS i watched this filmfor the first time on tv 2 days ago and loved it . such a heart warming story .
POS epicness .
NEG damn retard = ignorance !
POS awesome !!!
NEU no me guste este maricon pero lo que dice la cansion expresa lo mucho que te amo celina
NEU the nail polishes are made like that purposely , they 're like china glaze , they dry with no shine but that comes in handy .
POS way to much high end , but good tune all the same . good job mate .
NEU hate mail.i wrote it , do i get a prize :d
POS nice clip . i just saw an episode at seevstreaming -LRB- . -RRB- com
NEU i can walk in 2 in heels but nothing bigger
POS it was like an orgasm .
POS thank you . if you have any insight that you think will help others , please feel free to share . we are all learning from each other . take care . dane
NEU ha ! you should see me when we get severe weather . i 've got the tv on the local news , radar maps on my computer , emergency alert streaming through my radio . i feel like i 'm part of the emergency weather response team or something . my wife always teases me about it . but yeah , it 's pretty exciting , except for when they say a tornado is coming your way and you do n't have a basement ... yeah , then it sucks .
POS sporks . hehe .
POS good shooting , thx
NEG what the fuck is that thing in the picture ?!?! and kudos on your mature discussion !
POS i wouldent mind knowing the name of that tune that plays in the back ground at the beginning of this part
NEU yep ; i 'm glad you 're anticipating it -LRB- despite the skip before round 2 -RRB- . there 's plenty more to come !
NEU are they starting just by alerting to treats , or are you already associating another odor as well ?
POS great video and jump . i 've got some to post of first , pavonly , hutchinson , akaidyn and beck doing the same jump . cool to see !
POS easy to understand ! thanks . right now i am going through med math and drip rates ... yada , yada - so i need the simple stuff to be , well , simple . thanks again ...
NEG how does this kind of sewer scum logic get rewarded by positions in academia . wolfowitz , of team b , was working at johns hopkins paul h. nitze school of advanced international studies -LRB- nitze , also of team b -RRB- . the social sciences are an embarrassment to the word `` science '' .
POS thanks for the pinyin !
POS piers morgan what a douchebag ian hislop is one of the funniest men in the united kingdom good for him to stand up for him
POS excellent !
POS this song brings back memories even tho it came out when i was in the ninth grade laugh out loud
POS i love him no matter how little dignity he has EMO_HAPPY
NEG the people who made this video are goin to hell
NEG he sedated me so he would n't have to worry about it . .
NEG ooohhh a gap in ines hoop , pardon me i 'm off to play the grand piano
NEU chimps acting like chimps again , some things never change .
POS awesome video senses fail and hellsing both are awesome
POS and helpful too i hope ? lolthanks and hello from england EMO_HAPPY
NEG frame rate is higher in real life , it looks low because we had to lower quality to put on youtube .
NEU do you have any idea who she is ? it 's been driving me crazy
POS i like to think that after he finished , he went back to his desk , rolled his d20 and screamed , `` yes !! critical hit to the administration ! and i 'm wearing my +1 suit ! '' before putting on spock ears and pulling out his toy lightsaber .
NEG if you check his paige all his comments are to younger looking girls ... i 'm not familiar with you tube but please someone do somenthing about this pos . like mr. charlie daniells says , the lowest scum on this earth is a child molester
NEU that was a sharp pin that popped that balloon , laugh out loud
POS kick ass ry guy ! seems that i have taught you well . EMO_HAPPY
POS this is beautiful music merky .
NEG whats up wit full episode parodies ? i swear the last one was like `` gunslinger rumble '' and this one cold be anytbhing from `` sailer rumle '' to `` cardcapter tenma ''
NEU nice song only good trey songz i herd actually
POS excellent for the lower back , and abs !
POS very nice analysis .
NEU amd athlon ii x4 620 processor - 2.6 ghz - 2.0 ghz ht -LRB- 4000 mt/s -RRB- - 4x 512 kb l2 cache ram is 3gb along with 64 big win7
NEU zeke 's megaman luther is a pokemon and kojo is a space knight tekkaman kojo
NEU roma was huge and massive . always wondered if he competed in bodybuilding in his earlier carreer ...
POS yep , the temple of solomon is the key to being able to shift between dimensions . according to islam king solomon was the only prophet who had special powers given to him by god . these powers meant king solomon could travel between dimensions , so to reconstruct the temple is a must for the iniquitous nwo.peace to all mankind !
NEU that 's not what he meant . the comment refers to daniel ellsberg 's reaction upon obtaining access to the top secret pentagon papers that detailed the origin and nature of us involvement in vietnam since 1945 .
NEU what about a just , lawful state ? one which grants equal voting rights and equal protection under the law ?
NEG
POS awesome ! these are rare tubes and are worth keeping !!
POS laugh my ass off at mr.t part !
POS to get this mp3 just go to audioripit doht cohm .
NEU the fbi has cleared more 147 gr bonded 9mm loads than any other load , because it penetrates more than 12 inches and less than 18 inches , and the 147 gr actually pedals out better because instead of `` exploding '' on impact it expands on impact , if anybodys interested i can actually provide an entire webpage on different loads and how they perform compared to other loads and how the 9mm , .40 , .45 , and .357 sig compare to each other anybody whos interested just message me and i will provide the link
NEU the words dont even match laugh my ass off
POS i definitely found that online ... and the site usually only sells shirts for 24 hours . i can see if ebay or amazon have any . > . <
POS go to the doctor - you now have a right to health care ! so demand it
POS laugh out loud
NEG i am disappointed.i wanted lytton to stop with carrington , because i was hoping that it had someyhing to do with my condition.i am not a homosexual .
NEU yea you are right but foreman before the fight didnt think he could really win cuz of ali 's mind games wihc always worked really well
POS harlemndn1 , i 'm black and ndn and i get your point . i 'm also in the aisa group at my school and we 're screening vids for our film festival . be cool to get some independent stuff . if you 've got more or a longer film , contact me at this name , plus yahoo . thank you ! l.
NEG this is a brilliant way to show the pathetic service that virgin media call webmail - you 'd be better sending a letter!they are the worst isp ever!btw - they only support windows.service crap , gui crap , storage crap -LRB- 50mb ! -RRB- support crap , speed crap and you ca n't contact them without having to pay for ityou have my sympathy . spread the word - virgin media are crap!btw , i do n't think they 're owned by branson anymore.if i could take my email addy with me -LRB- had it for 10 years ! -RRB- i 'd leave today .
POS chiptacular had the most astute observation . where is the last long board scene filmed ? that was awesome !
NEG omg !
NEU dis version is sick ! better then the original . . fuk soulja boy !
NEG you have n't even finished -LRB- maybe have n't even started -RRB- puberty yet . you will fill out .
NEG beautiful . ?
POS la terekhova is divine . even her little steps during the introduction of her variation are right on teh music .
POS i love the song its from sonic heros for intendo game cube
POS i like this song , alot ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU western seaboard ? ha ! nice vid , though .
POS oh snap !!! hahaha , so good ! the ending still makes me laugh aloud . in public.i get weird looks .
POS very nice !!!
NEG oh wow shes a brat
NEU you seem like a smart guy , but to gain popularity you need to gain speech making skills . i suggest getting a good public speaking book from the library and practicing . being intelligent is only half the battle , you also need to sound intelligent too .
POS awesome yeeaaaaahhhhhh !!
NEU >> eagletalonzcaltrain actually has a big problem with suicides . however , the tracks will be grade-separated and secured over the next 10 years for high-speed rail . this of course means fewer -LRB- if any -RRB- suicides , no more crossing bells and horns , and smoother traffic . so , does sunnyvale sound any nicer EMO_HAPPY ?
POS love the song and the picturization from lion king !
POS yeaaaaa
POS no prob . i can even do the simple stuff . very impressive for their age
NEU why the fuck would they give a fuck about your knee pads ? i do n't see anything weird about them .
NEU kylie minogue is a billion dollar global cottage industry . she is able to sell out the o2 arena -LRB- 20,000 seats -RRB- ten nights in a row , and is deep into the ipod era still able to consistently deliver multi-platinum global sales . the foolish and uninformed statements on this forum show how out of touch with reality many people are . its the music business ! kylie can pull global live gate that would make katy perry quit music . kylie has made far more revenue than britney spears ever will , fact .
POS hey janet , is it safe to use water that 's gone through a reverse osmosis filter ? oh and wonderful video by the way . you are one convincing woman ! EMO_HAPPY
POS love this show ^ ^
POS thanks , mike was a good friend and will not beforgotten.miss you buddyweedz
NEG why wood irvin ever help any other up and coming fighter again the way he hooked up angel and the way angels fans treated him even befor the fight . if i ever get to hit some dude so hard that he doesnt no were he is or what hapend after he hit angel in the face with his right handed bat i wood never fel the need to givem a 2nd chance , are you even for real , were you there . who has angel even fought with a real record . angel mite hav betr luck vs dave huckaba . . maybe
POS omg ! when is season 2 starting ?
POS beautiful spiritual uplifting song .
NEU ca n't disagree
NEG you mean people can sing without autotune ? wow ! * cough * this is wonderful .
NEG 1st-i hate people like you !
NEU what size tank
NEU he came up with the word ` more ' ?
NEG you bitch , i 'm gon na punch you in the face !
NEG ya , he obviously is a lazy person . and in violation of the nrc -LRB- nuclear regulatory commitie -RRB- policy on safe radiation practicies .
POS absolutely fabulous . a former golden no1 from the past . great stuff and take a bow inmeyard .
NEG the cop responds to the woman `` no , he 's saying you 're tresspassing on city property '' . well does n't the cop have the duty to know the law and uphold it ? should n't the cop have told the guy who was protesting the librarian that she was within her constitutional rights to be there with a sign ???????
NEU pikachu get up hurry it doesnt hurt that bad
NEU rotflmao get it boi
NEG acorn sucks
NEU filmed saturday at about 2:45 pm near montrose ave. from gargoyle .
POS this is the same guy that did the song from el farah , can someone please tell me where i can find that song i have to listen to it !
NEG yankee twat !!
NEG a fucked up car in that game interstate 82 makes exactly the same sound . just like the beat `` de de dee ''
NEG why does he have a beard
NEG the only people allied with mckinney are terrorists and their supporters .
POS loved marge and gower champion , loved his choreography and thankful for gilvey 's book . harold channer needs to be replaced !
NEU nao acho a pitty emo , nao sou fa , conheco algumas musicas delas e ate gosto dessa ai em questao .
POS aww thankyouu EMO_HAPPY yeaah , i want it !! :d xx
NEG the 19 people who disliked are too fat for the beds .
POS this sound like dat original type three 6 mafia music that i miss !!!!
POS haha laugh out loud mate !
NEG we are the smallest species on earth - hahahahasmall , but surprisingly destructive .
NEG me me me sheesh god needs to get over himself ... i dont need to listen to a guy that thinks he knows what he reads if tehre was a god he can come talk to me . . im sure he could do that if he can make the universe ...
NEG mcsame is just another bushbot running another sleazy show run by the same criminals that brought you bushco 2004 . the good thing is that obama camp wo n't take this crap as did the kerry team EMO_HAPPY the respond fast !
POS hit 12 pop , 20 ac in the us -LRB- billboard -RRB- . got airplay on wls . thanx , wwyw for bringin ' it back ! how 'd it do in the uk ? god bless !
POS thumbs way up ! looks , sounds , and strobes awesome .
POS ah sounds good hoply out soon
NEG daveeeeeeeee , you crazy fucker .
POS danggg way better than my high school !!! very nice EMO_HAPPY
POS hello . how about zinc ? zinc efectivelly reduces ferrocyanides . it could also work on iron atoms on the mitocondrial citocromes .
NEG ... like you had the song , the video , the lead singer , the concert mogul = erasure ... what ? who was you are marketing pimp ? . omg ... pls
POS this song kicks ass !!!
POS shown the building of well , nice facilities .
POS how in the world did you get there on such low levels ? that is awesome man ! i am subscribing to your videos god bless you and may god bless you all !!
POS good flilipino music
NEU jew
POS sturm has good footwork . watch the way he beat jermain taylor in the amateurs
POS thats a loooooooong bridge . its amazing he pulled this off .
POS wow !!!!!!!! in 2010 its still sounding goood even though i first heard it in 1979 when i was 9 , what a voice .
POS so true , no other king , president or ruler would humbly give himself as our lord - i love you lord !
NEU febian semakin oke aja ya ...
NEG can you explain to a point where i dont want to kill myself after you make a comment ?
POS the guitar is so cute ... and sounds sweet as well .
NEG ... and if people made a run on banks they would see their money is not actually there and has been partially transferred to the winners of the bet on behalf of the leveraged loser of the bet ... regardless if physaical gold is being transferred or being settled in cash , a great deal of wealth is being leveraged off of savers ... how do they determine a premium of insurance on hedge against an assett beyond its worth one full time . and especially nonvested parties with no rights to th underlying
NEU netherlands has a queen ?
POS hey ! josh is my oncology docctor ! i love him !
POS this film is a masterpiece .
NEU what are you talking about you need them back ? they 're still around ... saw them this past saturday .
NEU damn , i mad i only heard deadly medely and stopped . this is hip hopest in one of its truest forms .
NEU yeah , only a few words -LRB- a generic category called racial slurs -RRB- should be bannedi posted lyrics to the song on a webforum to protest chat filters
POS haha if you think thats big , you need to check the long one , we use in our festival
NEG exactly .
POS wow ! big lemons !
POS mad love ! this song is in your top 5 fa sho .
NEU i love my children , they get on my nerves sure , but how can anyone do to hurt a child , ecspeacially to the point of death
POS god iou1awesome video ... clean . i love the tv 's all over and the seats look good too . i 'm not a big into luxury prints in a car but good combo all together .
POS epic , and i faved .
POS i am female also and need to lose about 50 lbs . i am nervous about starting atkins . i 've read the book but i am still unsure . you comment makes me want to start asap :-RRB-
POS waht it dew stickman , woot ! yhew rock this sonq .
NEG ... he said she said ...
NEU god ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... damn !
NEU haha cote is nothing like her character ... she is such a goofball
NEG not even 10 . more like a retarded 4 year old with a retarded family .
NEU es annalay una de las chiki chaka girls yo soy de pinar del rio , lo que me impresiono es que tu sabias que eramos de pinar , tu eres ?
NEG wooo , china also borrowed money to usa to fuel its invasion of iraq . should we blame china for the iraqi invasion ? what a joke !
POS this is an awesome song EMO_HAPPY
POS fantastic mmmmmmmmmmm
POS black cat is so adorable !
POS thank you !
NEU un gran saludo a la orquesta hnos aviles de holguin . los conoci en portugal el verano del 93 . desde california.raphael paz
NEG i 'm so confused about this . why would the us do this to it 's own troops ? i 'm a united states citizen . does n't the us need its troops ? why would the government make its troops sick ? ... please someone clear this up for me .
POS epiccccc
POS i love this song . i have to listen to this everyday . when ever i am down or up . god is good all the time and i do n't know where i would be without him . thank you jesus .
POS i can not be prouder of us !
POS thats my uncle : -RRB-
NEG dumb video . shakey camera rules .
NEU i have a sharp pain shoot when i move my neck . in between my shoulder blades slightly to the right . any home remedies available ? i am in much pain and would love some help !
NEU isnt facade pronounced fay kayd ?
NEU just a matter of time ...
NEG wo n't stop unitl i hear your momma scream . church !!!!
POS bahrain construction is of such high quality . the roads are way smoother than american roads . i love bahrain sign/lamposts , boards , very neat !
NEU please , please more comments from the grannies . they tell it as it is !!
NEU has this been proven ? oddly roniugh i had alot less colds this year ...
NEU laugh my ass off im black , i do that shit too . you dont even notice you are doin it till someone points it out , ahaha .
NEU nice , but the problem is if ever i will need to actually give someone cpr , i really dont wana be singing or thinking about `` another one bites the dust '' lol !
POS hey old friend ... this is sooo funny !
NEU kind of a sedate sax player . still good , but no skerik .
POS are n't they 're something ! love them .
NEG difficult to believe that prince `` thicker than a whale omelette '' george will go on to become stepfather to a talking mouse , and one of the most brilliant diagnosticians in the world .
NEU the name is at the beginning of each song as it is mixed in .
NEU holy shit adam !!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEG greek 2 year bonds hit 20 % , and the ten year is over 11 % . the euro and dollar are probably going 1:1 before this mess is over .
POS action comedy ! w00t !
POS one of the few human treasures left , and one of the even fewer handful of american heroes still alive .
NEU yeh khitaab bohut kamal ki hai ... sab bhag gaye room se hehe
POS one of my favorite wayne watson songs . loyd , you have such an amazing voice .
POS i went to prom/afterprom and won $ 100 :d
POS once every 3-4 weeks , in the in between time i paint them myself .
POS sweet .
POS nice to see them shake hands
NEU is there an app like this fore writing?i write alot of thoughts down and i do n't want people reading them
POS just follow this link and discover how you can make a 100 % free ? living!lovefreestuff.webs
NEU i cant tell either
NEU $ 650
POS this is good !
POS dude this was a great show on pbsi rather want to watch ncis or star trek or wishbone .
NEG i got it on video there should be no question that the old man and the woman and the hero from the stands are at fault
POS wow ... awesome .
NEG how can a god who demands killing be a god of mercy ?
POS i wasnt keen on david tennant leaving , but when i saw matt smith in the first episode of series 5 tonight , i have fallen in love with him ha . wierd i know but , i suddenly want to watch everything he 's been in so im starting here : l : l : l whos in the same possition : l ?
POS nice ...
POS my disney , . good disney . disney everyone could relate to .
NEU try making her feel like a queen and she will do anything for you , king .
NEU whos the tune by ??
NEG , thats a matter of opinion . so what it was an academy award nominee . the movies he named describe the hood , they represent the inner city , the black community . the acting , directing and motion picture were better in rebound , that 's how it is
NEU cliff edwards !
POS i just got this pedal today and it is kickass
POS love that color !!!!
POS that is an excellent suggestion , i will implement that one as soon as i can .
POS man , just watched this , nice work and awesome shots . love the music too !
NEG that guy is nuts goin at it with a wool pad !!
NEU ... but i never can think of the right thing to say until everybody 's gone home ... was reminded of this famous line of dialogue today -- unreal how great hollywood was when it was . conservatism even makes better comedies . ryskind was a conservative and obama could learn a thing or two from this film ...
NEU max , max , max ...
POS excellent ! brooke smith
NEU it 's always amusing and interesting to see `` fingers '' . you never know what 'll happen next . `` next '' ...
NEU did you let mayweather cum in your mouth ?
POS this is more than cool !!!! great animation ! brings literature to life ! truly shows how amazing the human body is .
POS great song ! ty for sharing
POS wow ... whoever edited this did a great job ... and that guy on the piano aint too bad either . EMO_HAPPY
POS papi jump is hood !!
NEG surprisingly enough , the one thing i cant get passed is a badass raider . he just will not die .
NEG too bad they are weak . running is useless if you want to be strong
NEG i was referring to philo farnsworth , you aching great cock
POS this song is amazing .
POS i want to sync cubase sx to a tascam atr 60 8-track reel to reel . cubase sends out a smpte code how do you get the tape machine to act as a slave ? do you know ?
POS you 're welcome
NEG ... umm i hate tht voice pllllz change itz annoying . . and scary
NEG adam suck my cock ...
POS thank you .
POS cool song x3 thanks for the link !
POS i believe it 's a-doe annie . haha .
POS my favorite group and educational at the same i 'm doing gcse history ! it 's not just the fact that abba are my favourite group that makes me like it , all the information is easy to understand as well ! i think all these history revision vids are going to be very helpful . thanks !
POS cool very cool
NEG i deal with this every day in the united states . this is a crappy country . china rules .
POS picked up just cause 2 and resonance of fate this weekend in the uk . have n't touched just cause . resonance of fate rocks . : -RCB-
POS sithlord is correct , treadstone is cia based , out of langley va
NEG 0:02 was that a soaking wet condom wrapper on the ground ?
NEG seems like the last few stories like these , like the girl in her dorm getting swastikas on her door , all have turned out to be the person doing it themselves.they set up a camera to catch the anti-semite , and instead found her drawing it , then calling and crying saying someone was going to kill her .
NEU very well done for a none economics person - informative and not boring - thanks
POS 8:48 oh my god the girl on the righttt . .
POS sing chris !
NEU where was this video shot ?
NEG who cares if the japanese are hunting whiles ? i do n't know if greenpeace gets government backing at all or not , but i do n't want my tax dollars supporting this rogue organization . if so , i 'm going to write my senator .
NEU hell there are so many ways of making a stable structure such that it could stand with half its columns , or even a quarter of its support columns , or even lessits all about redundancy & good design
POS awesome .
POS beautiful , really `` sounds '' like absinthe
POS what 's wrong with the `` audishness `` you can get the similar look with less money and better fuel economy . i want this car !
POS laugh out loud
POS laugh out loud i love it . . go to bestbangz -LCB- d 0t -RSB- com if you like hotties too ^ ^
POS thank you sooo much i am glad that you loved it !!! yeah that was actually what i was hoping people would realize by watching this video and i am really glad you did !! yay thanks ! lol !! jim is definately everything to mel no matter what !!!
POS steve hit 20 in billboard , 8-22-87 . no offense here , but , god bless !
NEG dude . you can see your buddy 's reflection in your sunglasses . do n't be a douche and try to bs the world .
POS ditto
NEU i am trying to look for a diffrent kind of halalujha song bsides shrek
NEG its good to know that they are populating the earth , more then what it already is . screw their religion , screw the duggars , and screw any organization that gives them money for spitting out their hatch lings ... i hope all 20 of their kids die in a plane accident , now ... that would be a hell of a story lolol !
POS oh yeah , i can see it when you first spin it . thx .
POS wat a come back
POS my favorite scarf is the cheetah print scarf ! it 's soo adorable and you can wear it in so many ways ! EMO_HAPPY
POS so thats what it was supposed to sound like at the jam night ? well done for remembering it , shall have to give it another bash sometime .
NEU exactly , this is a song about obsession not romance . the love was one sided .
NEU buen tuto y buena inspiracion
POS maybe my favourite video ever
NEU 2-5-10 usda announced its dropping nais ... for the time being anyway ... just read that at farm and ranch freedom .
NEU minh minh ki qua ! hac cai luong di ! lol !
NEU maan wer h?rt denn bitte jan delay ? xd
POS i enjoy this
POS awesome vid ... i had forgotten all about this ... it 's great ...
POS wow norweigen sounds a lot like english
NEG sieg heil from bristol.clean again the streets of europe of scum!heil third reich ! 14/88 . britain ! .
NEU theres a hole in my bucket , dear lisa , dear lisa , theres a hole in my bucket dear lisa a hole
POS this guys also played george washington in the tv series george washington 2 the forging of a nation and movie george washington . im disappointed that he 's not remembered for that particular role since he really did a fantastic job in it .
NEG you guys know what i hate you you are using a good stragie than people say `` ur a noob '' or they say `` ur cheating '' i just hate that
NEU es muy bueno y muy sierto la perseverancia es la llave al exito animo
POS they should do a morgan freeman narration laugh out loud
NEU holy hell ... i better stop bein a bad boy
POS i 've had mine for 5 months and it works great and has done everything advertised . do n't know why people are complaining about this thing .
POS thanks man
NEU i wanted to move to japan for vehicle stuff but now i got a new reason
POS hey guys ! comment like and sub !
POS i hope spielberg directs the just cause movie adaption . every movie he does is a masterpiece ! -LRB- yes i was hired by him to say this -RRB-
POS valid point .
NEG 1:28 , my god what an annoying voice .
POS i really adore this song .
POS haha =p
POS brought back such wonderful memories from the lahore of mid 60 's
POS im better
NEG shoot the cameraman !
POS hey , are you ok ? i 'm sorry you are confused ... be nice !!!
NEU i think i was having trouble getting the sound right , not playing the riff
POS who is that laugh out loud
POS thanks ! x
POS a home with true character !
NEG i do n't know about this video . do you habe any others that can back it up ?
POS ahahahhahahah ! ; ddd
POS she is truly stunning !
NEU do n't use google ! there are other search engines you can go through for the same info . also there are host sites that will `` search '' for you . maintaining your privacy for a small fee.good vid bro !
NEG the amount of fear mongering over this on the tv lately is rediculous . this is no more fatal then seasonal flu . alot of these fatalities they report are people who died from other causes that just so happend to also have h1n1 at the time .
POS very good
NEU it is referring to the original air date
NEG haha ! i threw that sht before i walked in the room ! his little chinese eyes burned right in my stomach , deep in my soul . he said something to me in chinese llike whop som sow sound like cone cartoon sht . best movie ever !!! why black dynamite why !!!
NEU univision tiene a la gente inyectandole solo noticias bajeras , pobres vendidos del govierno
NEU ayo menk mez voch mekis chenk geradasum mi hat hay eyin uzum toxnel aynel tangaranum bays chen karox ayn anel kani vor mez hay en asum .
POS i love fff !
POS awsome song why no coments if such a good song
POS wow just wow
POS i wanted to see that weakest link episode . . great upload anyway !
POS hes good in pes6 though
NEU rawrawrawrarwrawrawrawr
POS very nice . could 've added an extra video for a higher guitar on the very last part , but other than that , excellent job .
POS the music brings back memories !
POS i now got frances ashman and this song woop woop
POS massive rattings to the person upz dis still , tinie tempah smashes it but i got afew of his videos leaked on ma page now , i think more ladies will like it to tell the truth behind the scenes . check it . click me now !!! .
NEU uzywalam tych szamponow i odzywek john frieda do wlosow blond i jestem zadowolona !!!!
POS say bye bye autotune lol ... autotune is still good though ... for that electronic style in the vocals ... but but this shit is the bomb ! too damn realistic forreal
POS i remember my housemates and i crowding around my television to watch this ; we loved it , it was such a good spin-off .
NEU food is food .
NEU well thats just the shake pulling through the mouthpiece.learn to roll the mouthpiece of your blunts and joints better and you wo n't have this problem.sometimes i put a few little stems in the mouthpiece to keep any buds from getting through
NEG no shit it altars weather patterns ` this caused the earthquake in china in 2008 ` the earthquake sure did grab attention away from the brutality in tibet .
POS they need to put this on itunes .
NEG haha your lack of irony is hilarious mate .
NEG im ancraophobia
POS she is wearing a thong ... hawt !
NEU laugh out loud wth i just noticed the guy in the background going '' ughh ugh ugh ughh ''
NEU he lifts the stone up as if it weighs 10 pounds
POS i wonder how many people watch this show . uh ... hopefuly everybody !
POS the beginning was the best so wishie washie spreeso washy washy !!!! i about died for that
POS god be with her during this time of pain . i pray for her and michael jackson 's family to have strength and find comfort through the memories they will mever loose . god bless xxxx
POS my favorite track from the new cd ... it 's awesome
POS roll on the floor laughing
POS the chord move from the bridge into the new solo just makes my skin crawl . i love it !
POS that candy apple red and rosewood is growing on me .
NEU the boost force direction is opposite the camera moving direction .
NEG words ca n't describe how much i hate this song , and how i nearly kill myself singing it in lego rock band
POS wait who sings this ... ... ? xd
POS every song he ever sings makes you feel like you are really there and can or have lived in that moment .
POS hi sunny . i live on the east coasts long island . i have about ten black wallnut trees on my horse farm and i just went out to pick a bout 100 today and now i need to crack them . last year , i had a harvest of about 1,000,000 and my italian grandmother came up with a new way to crack open the wallnut . what she did was put it in a sock and beat them with a hammer . try this idea and tell us what you think . is it easer than the nut cracker
POS why i love my knight xd
NEG the film is good but the message is very obvious and biased . it 's basic premise is to honor the draft regardless the price or the mission . long live the republic , but may the empire it has become become may never sustain the agony it 's inflicted on the world .
NEU you should use your knight to search vats and other things that could possibly hurt you because he can take the most punishment .
POS purely adorable !!!!
POS this match was way better than mike mo vs. billy marks
POS i still miss louie kaboom !
POS vary nice work . excellent detail , i want one too just a wee bit bigger . i can here myself from dx land cool .
POS they need a higher rating system for this one . absolutely amazing in every way ! quite possibly the most original concept on youtube . keep up the good work .
NEG why should n't evey wound hit him ?
NEG what the fuck im trying to make pancakes not a bomb !
NEU fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu rrqthmet mu kan qu heh lol , nice work
NEG what the fuck is this ... proberly the worst shit i have ever herd ...
NEG sorry but pittiful
NEG i have no idea what `` yes , idiot '' is supposed to mean . ditto goes for your `` you ! '' comment.as for `` cock '' meaning both , then it would be equivalent to our `` dick '' , which is generally not bleeped when used to refer to a person .
NEG heavily edited with ads ... . there is like a half hour missing from this movie wtf ? what a rip-off !
POS hell yea i peep dat 2
POS you should be able to do this in compositelab . we filmed the actor against a greenscreen , then animated him disappearing into the floor . a displacement filter was applied to create the wibbly effect . the full dvd has more info.the easiest way to apply a mask to grading is to use a grade object , which can be found in the ` effects browser ' . this can then be masked like any other object .
NEG eh , blue beam already , china must be a bigger threat than i thought .
POS thank you ! this helped me on my excel homework !!!!!! - -LSB- a thankful college student -RSB-
NEU what the music to this dance ?
POS nice video 5 stars
NEU how about a dodgers v.s giants inning man ?
POS noel is now a better singer than liam , no question about that.his voice has remained strong ever since the 90 's . what a man noel is !
NEG iran delivers terrorist attacks through out the world !!!
POS totally agree man . the knicks -LRB- and the whole league , for that matter -RRB- need to play with more heart and less b.s. get the knicks complete history on dvd , it 's great to go back and watch the old playoff games ... so many great memories !
NEU you could hear her voice is kind of raspy when you use your voice to much it gets like that
NEU werd my friend werd
POS i thought i saw a pussy cat ! i did , i did ...
POS i 'm just ... over the moon .
NEG tabs please dude . thanks laugh out loud
NEU sometimes?blak12345 , sega always rules . -_-
NEU funny thing iz his singing isnt really dat bad so i dont undastand why he would use autotune
NEU thomas jefferson - the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants .
POS this reminds me of the book `` longitude '' by dava sobel about the invention of the marine chronometer ... great book !
NEU you are evidently uninformed . these people are trying to create legitimate green business opportunities . they have already succeded in starting a concentrated solar photovoltaic manufactureing division . plus many other succesful spinoffs of thier endeavors over the last several years . there has been bumps in the road , but if it was easy everyone could do it . what have you done lately to reduce the worlds carbon footprint ? please be slow to criticise untill you have all the facts .
POS the music start at 4:19 nice song if you from south central
POS they used shawn 's real name , shoot sketch !
NEU yeah . terrible driving happens to everyone that has mario kart . -LRB- when they first play it . -RRB-
POS whats the song @ 1:00 @ ??????????
POS love eva !!! does she say parker in an english accent at 2:10 ? laugh out loud
NEU , , ah right , he , s a chef /
NEU bonek - aksi barbar , sebuah kemuduran peradaban
NEU he sings `` theres got ta be more '' at the bridge
NEU dont you ever wonder how lil john gets his voice like that ? o_e it scares me sometimes !
POS nice video .
NEU i belong to a secret group which is connected to the catholic church . it 's called , `` the knights of columbus . ''
POS you are so sexy ! and i like how honest you are , '' not like the one you have at the restaurant but it 's pretty good enough . '' wont cheat . marry me and cook for my fat ass !
NEG crazy
NEU the farts starting at about 1:57 sound like whales farting under water . i 'm laughing so hard i 'm starting to snort like a pig !
POS your videos are charming ! i 'm completely in love with your show ! thanks for taking the time to share EMO_HAPPY
NEG go online till sunday morning then go too sleep
POS but what if you do like it ? i think this song , or at least the way you sing it is wonderful and beautiful and awesome laugh out loud
POS great song , great video . thank you !
NEU are the speakers weak ? how is the music player ?
POS i know its a movie . . but man would it be hard to make those shots on a horse . . still awesome though .
POS good times role !
POS i 'm not a businessman , i 'm a business , man
NEU stop youtube !!! for your information , youtube is getting rid of all anime videos.every night at 10:00 p.m. they have a maintenence that deletes any videos that are anime ... to stop youtube from doing this , you need to get enough people to protest ... to do this , please help by copying ? and pasting this message to all of the anime videos from being deleted . stop youtube !!
NEU otro receta que bueno , gracias sr max por la receta de pan de jamon , la bote de homerun en la fiesta no quedo nada EMO_HAPPY
POS xd awesome
NEG 0:24 birnes : `` you guys want evidence ? melanie will show you the evidence . '' sounds very convincing but as always , their claims and emotionally-charged language come to nothing . this is is * no way * evidence that aliens are visiting our planet . is it unusual ? of course . but we 've all seen unusual things and they 're hardly proof of anything so outlandish as alien/human crossbreeding . hate these guys .
POS great just the way i teach
NEG then you do it dipshit the album came out yesterday . stopp bitchinnyoo
NEU i think the ridgeline is fantastic , but the one thing it has always lacked is a more powerful v8 . i mean , 250bhp ... come on .
NEG there not actually bakc together are they ? i thought it was just a few one off re-union shows ?
NEU harmans face wen prem sed it was a joke !! lol !!!!! it was lyk , `` wot ?! '' lool !!
POS thanks for the compliment ! :d i used windows movie maker
NEG baaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
NEU hey im really not hip to the theory scene . but what is that main key change or mode change ? thanks
POS i agree !
POS me too
NEU dbz is the only series that can have a bunch of games with the same story in every sequel laugh out loud
NEU para sonear con barroso habia que estar loco.barroso sonero mayor por siempre !!!
NEU ayy it ' the ` chav ' from misfits EMO_HAPPY
NEU check out my box chevy
POS thanks for making this . it 's not the most wonderful place , but its my home and i love it !
NEU lapizita
NEG and , oddly enough , it had nothing to do with the fact that she has a nasally voice or even that one of two guys ate a shrew and then sifted through poo to look at what came back.too bad i did n't have an ahkshuwaytor .
NEU haha go steve maz n zoe bby !!!! n zoe says she gets stage fright i looks it !!! steve coulda put bit more effort in tae it !
POS he 's kinda cute ... not gon na lie
POS fraps ? yea
NEG god i cant wait 17 days till bct then i go to sill for ait .
POS damn . kim rocks .
NEU naaa , hes took a step up , he scored 33 goals in 35 macthes for madrid , man you will never reach the prestige of real madrid ! , however i hope man you beat chelsea this season !!!! hala madrid
NEG i still dont understand , is there an adhesive or does it slide into a crack to keep it up ?
POS love it so does katy and madge
POS i didnt know the guy with the crotch gun did the effects ! he was awsome in the film hate he turned though ! lost boys corey.h and corey.f cant go wrong ! truth , justice , and the american way !!
NEU they should have never parted
NEU i can watch this over and over . giraldo is such a legend . leary is a whiny little bitch .
NEU got lockers ? ...
NEG they should of had their home nult like fort knox due to the type of pej they do assholes hope they burn in hell nice n a slow
POS thanks for the upload EMO_HAPPY
NEU watch?v = geg8bbqufru
NEU the end of this where rini is running to neo queen serenity and she hugs her and rini is crying ... it always makes me cry !!!! in japanese , she 's not as happy to see rini = /
POS
POS thanks for posting this fun video . loved it . the music is stan kenton 's `` harlem folk dance . '' ted herbert , the hilariously prissy , bumbling `` professor , '' is no doubt the look-alike brother of comedian hugh herbert , who made dozens of films in the 30 's and 40 's , and who played a similar simpering , giggling character .
NEG i feel like such a moron trying to reload this , it keeps freezing . lol , terri sent this to me . - with no warning . 0 . o
POS love this song
NEG one of the reasons this injury takes months to heal is because you use your pec minor constantly . when you raise your hand you are using your pec minor . go to shake someones hand ? using the minor again . you basically ca n't avoid using it , but you have to stetch it out well -LRB- have a pt do it , do n't trust yourself -RRB- and strengthen it -LRB- also with a pt -RRB- ,
NEU our govenment should stop policing the word , instead , the should take care ist citizens healthy the way americai is to be .
POS appreciate your review . i 'm looking into barefoot myself and your rundown of features and explanation of sizes helps . thanks .
POS nice song . does anyone have a good bass cover fir this song ??? post it please .
NEU aaah , i see . i was beginning to wonder if the scene was from the 5th movie . i thought it was supposed to be from the 6th . incidentally , when the 5th movie came out is when i started losing interest in harry potter . xd ;
POS this is a very good film , i found it for free here : viewfilmsfree -LRB- . -RRB- com
NEG shes a bad lip singer o.o
NEG actually he was drunk and i surprised him dumb fuck . i dont even weigh 200 pounds so why dont you go get a fucking life instead of talking shit about things you have no fucking clue about .
POS laugh my ass off i love ... `` a pair of scissors ... with your parents permission ! '' hahahah so funny ! this is a cool video ! i love those fortune tellers !
POS godbless vic
NEU the body of the vulture is a bong
NEG the proof is in your misleading video at 7:07 . first , you attack other lock companies , then you attack the companies that test them , and now you 're attacking the people who you 're trying to mislead ? yeah , those business ethics are gon na get you far .
POS you have a great figure ! luckky youu
POS my bathtub has the jets and i never use it when im in the tub because its so powerful , one time me and my little cousin were playing around , and we poured the whole bottle of bubble bath in , and tunred the jets on , and the whole entire bathroom was filled with bubbles !! fun times !!
NEG maybe if english was your first language you wo n't have taken my verbal beating so badly . i 'm glad you heeded my advice and pissed off , as we both know where this would have ended.may i ask , do you have a job ? it 's just i 'm trying to imagine who has the time to argue at the hours you do , and i just get 2 answers , which is that you 're either a student or unemployed , or maybe even work part-time , either way something tells me the anger you show is at yourself for not achieving much at life ?
NEU - cries-this is such a shame -RRB- : child abuse is horrible.i hope you are ok now , all your poems are great EMO_HAPPY
POS thaks maha great stuff
NEU yep uless a cop is a hard ass but its totally street legal i cut the crap out of mine and my tires stick out so frickin far no cares ... and plus i talked to state patrol and they also said it was totally cool
NEU sometimes people do not feel sympathy ... some just have a curious interest about killers - i do because i like to learn about the human being and the animal that is in us all ... yet most of us believe could never be unleashed-yet can -
POS i like the imagery in the background during the interview - really projects the feeling of passion and freedom with your art
NEU i feel skeptical but im also the kind where im desperate im about to try anything ... i will say a prayer for you that things will get better !
POS this is 2 on the list of their best songs number 1 being almost lover < 33
NEG you had better watch that boy shit ...
NEG boob sweat at 0:29 / :
NEU nah , he said it was because he was `` exhausted '' when he gets through with the show and does n't want to be bothered . he says people are always coming up to him after the show and he just wants to be left alone . i can see where he 's coming from
NEG pittsburgh needs to be blown up . they let these mother fuckers do whatever they want . i can not stand these pussies . stanley cups or not the penguins are fucking gay .
POS laugh out loud i love this guy man `` this one right here got served to some players , they was playin but they also got played '' `` they love it for $ 20 dallaz ... all the tym , all the tym `` lmaoooooooo
POS great vid ... the only thing is that it had too many reggie bush
POS first comment :d
NEU k thanks just couldnt make it out
NEU long time no see ... omg im old .
NEU i am really close to buying this but there is one thing that im not sure about that nobody will give me a straight answer for : can ... ... it ... ... pause ... . yaknow like make part of a video then continue in another room or is that somthing you have to edit in or is that somthing you cant do at all ???
POS more videos
NEU and your arm was being squeezed against your own face . it 's called a pillow choke . and obviously it was a strategic way to tap someone out quickly . it worked now did n't it ? ahhhh ... ca n't wait for the show . good luck taking that title .
NEG 1:30 - theirs a wizard that follows you ,
NEU hellz na
NEG yeah yeah stfu
NEU face meeda wrinkles kanapadutunnai ... dialogues e konchem athi go ahead vunnai .
NEG did ketamine make you wear that terrible coat and bandana combination ?
POS this is the 4th time ive gone through you are fatal frame series , thnk you snake for bein awesome !
POS awesome . i 've got to get this someday .
POS aaah !!! EMO_HAPPY my two favorite . snsd + lena fujii EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks man yeah i like the way it looks in the dark it kinda trips me out when i stare at it when i am drunk laugh out loud
POS this is the best song . its sad and beatuiful and i play it in my head over and over again . it reminds me of me dead aunt . i miss you so much
NEG moves to much like a walker
POS mate thats awesome !! al
POS good job on the video man.r.i.p sean taylor 1,26,36,21 we love you & miss you . .
POS we have allsorts of tricks up our sleeves her at s-cat .
POS great job tom ! i liked your lighting work especially . -LSB- the blinds were a nice touch too . -RSB- - tyler
POS ca n't decide which is funnier , fred or hank ...
NEG why is my post repeatedly removed?five times it is posted then removed.whats up with yt ?
NEG as a christian , it is mind-boggling to me that jews ca n't enter joseph 's tomb . though israel regularly hurts herself by her concessions & appeasement , i am surprised that she has not protected this site for christians -LRB- since we consider joseph to be a `` type '' of christ -RRB- .
NEU i did n't expect the cheapo speakerset , i was thinking of audiophile 2.0 speakersets from m-audio or whatever . oh right , you still need a screen + keyboard.and why such a high end psu ? when it only has 1 gfx card , and a few harddrives.i 'd say an 850w modelwould be more thn enough for this , but it 's always nice to have extra power when it 's time to upgrade
POS man y is this so beeeppiinnng good
POS this hot spiff real talk much love to everybody in the video
NEU city dweller here . never been on a farm . thanks for a glimpse into your world . seems more rewarding and more fulfilling than my own world of concrete .
POS was it a 1973 model ? this one is a real hot rod .
POS wow
POS genius
NEU that thing is sick !
POS alright stop ! ... ... pajama time !
POS ... omg laugh out loud its weird i was watching this saw babz then sylv ... i was like did i read it wrong lmao .
NEG oh please james as fred ca n't be the same person as the dangerousand handsome johnny madrid on lancer . i know it is and an actor has to start somewhere but i ca n't hardly bear to watch james as anyone but a cowboy . yes i am prejuidce . these old sitcoms were awful and i am old enough to remember them
POS wolverine 0:26
POS coool ! should have pup the strings farher out so we can see it better !
POS totally amazing song ! soo meaningful , it makes people reflect on things that has happened to them ! a nice melody ! i love it !
POS so cute !!!
NEU i am up
NEG you have penguin storm , so ? i have it too and when you be rockhopper , no one else sees it !
NEU es el mejor sketch que hubo en hazme reir .
POS hillarious !!!!
NEU great video . i already know how to make a brochure and everything , but i was hoping someone could tell me why my print preview cuts off at about 1/2 '' before the right edge of the paper . i 've checked the margins and even set them on zero . i 've also made sure the grid guides -LRB- imaginary blue dotted line -RRB- are at the very edge of the paper . no matter what i do , my problem does n't go away . and i definitly know it 's not my printer because like i said , this error also shows up on the preview .
NEU it looks like something is peeking around the door om the right at :53 and if you pause it at :54 you can see it even better . . it looks like black curly hair . . then right when you are leaving the room look on the floor to the left at 1:34 in the exact same spot where the black curly thing was . . there is a see-thru anomaly
NEG you are a pathetic loser ! if you going to spread crap take some lessons from the decease nazi propaganda minister joesph goebbels !! yep your fat pig dear leader kim allowed 2 million of his own citizens to die from starvation . i hope you are proud of this ...
NEU this was a pretty good documentary , but there were some things they did n't explain . how do the skewers land ? how do they take off in the first place ? how can the gyrosprinters mate with their back legs fused together like that ? what exactly are those jet-darter things ? what caused the oceans to evaporate ? how do the grovebacks bury themselves ? i was kind of looking forward to them eventually explaining these things .
NEG gust go to hell that is not a joke is it ??
POS wtfff ! kimmm that was supposed to be personal !
POS angel , thank you so much for taking time to stop by and listen , i really appreciate it , my friend : -RRB- tom
POS the tension in this scene in the flat is unbelievable ... they are such good actors to create such an amazing atmosphere because even though what they are doing is wrong , you find yourself seeing their point of view and supporting their relationship , where as in reality , you would n't ... well i would n't . incredible streep and niro !!!
POS ahhh the starship i was bravo 787th what class was this mine was january - june 09
NEG what really stinks is this wheat thins commercial .
POS i have tried and saying `` grapefruit '' twice also works .
NEG ok so name me one scientist who does not agree or who has disagreed through `` peer review '' who you do not consider an idiot . obviously peer review in this field is worthless . we need more than `` it 's likely . '' from what i have seen the whole group of agw scientist should be thrown out .
NEG okay i never comment on this show but alan colmes , come on no need to invite this guy to your show , he is the media equivalent of tom daschle , he sucks
POS i love you
POS just a fantastic performance . i saw him in the late 80s but missed belew and got earl slick instead .
POS this is such a great song ! love it !
POS sickkkkkkkkkkkk
POS awesome !
POS dude you rock i had to just fly up there
POS wow how did this not show up ?? very nice job !! i want to see this episode .
NEG ... . this is why kenya will never develop
POS you got my vote !
NEU this song brings back memories of 2005 and is n't jim carrey in the music vid ? my memory ai n't that good on this song
NEG the real god ? then why does that read `` there 's no other god than allah '' ? should n't it read there 's no other ` alah ' than ` alah ' ? hmm ?? btw , ` alah ' in paleo hebrew -LRB- such as the inscription in the film -RRB- means curse . go figure .
NEG all this needs is yngwie malmsteen .
NEU i 'm guessing the golden minigun is a skin ?
NEG this is ... so ... bad ...
NEG oh man , this really sucks now . i got jock itch -LRB- ring worm-tinea jacque itchicus -RRB- from these scabies . no worries though . i 'm treating it with tough actin ' tinactin . damd thes scabies !
NEG is nich death by house ... stranger to ...
NEU podrian poner la informacion en espa?ol porfavor ?
NEG develope all the state not just bloody abuja if not you are a joke to the world .
POS cool
NEU man i am very sorry for that man 07:46 and all of the people who lived war
NEG !!!!!!
NEG it was a ` major ' political catastrophe , oh the puns that were never meant .
NEU i remember pickin ' up these guys in 1983 in florida in my pick - up ... they were broke , and that fishman guy was barefoot ... i gave 'em a dollar and they went into the corner store and bought themselves a big bottle of pal 's orange soda ... never saw 'em again .
NEU jajajajaa la cara de patito cuando ve a la abu , , , y despues cuando la abraza jajajajaja
POS sharat chandra varma , you are great . thanks for writing beautiful songs . i listen your dad 's songs everyday .
POS i EMO_HAPPY katy ! california gurls ... i am 1 !
POS brilliant medieval tech support ? totally hysterical ... karnt stopp ghiggling , and have to view it multiple times .
NEU why cant todays music be like this ??
POS great song , thanks for reminding me
POS haha .
NEG the illuminati is dead .
NEG yet obama panders to these people ... oh the irony
POS really good song EMO_HAPPY
NEU aaseriously guys there must be some nice men out there i am so lonely
POS jamming to this song ryte now !!! love from colorado !!
NEG what?tip : us punctuation and people might be able to read your commentno offense
NEU what is that movie called ?
NEG wat a load of wank . . world turned upside down is an old workers song about the diggers ... twats
NEU grata sorpresa ver a wilkins cantando ? sta canci?n . yo no hab?a sabido nada de ? l desde hace tiempo . se convirti ? al cristianismo ? siempre conserva una bella voz .
POS the squeeze machiene is kind of like meditating EMO_HAPPY i want to go to colorado state university to become a student of dr. grandin 's . she is brilliant and i too am interested in the humane treatement of animals ; but also people . i 'm against monsanto 's gmo corn and hormones and antibiotics that are directly affecting people who work with the animals . i think all animals are entitled to sunlight -LRB- which most chickens do not get that privalege -RRB- . i also think small farms are better than mass production
NEU i feel really bad : ' -LRB- i wish i could help ... i will still try to look for him all over toronto ...
NEG hard to tell who publishs the book . you should let us know those things when you review so we can chase down those issues more easily .
NEG is that idiot one of tj 's burger-munching chums ? i hate these publicity stunts ! what an obnoxious turd ! and he has that lying bearded moron at the beginning !
POS uno mas and i am complete :d
POS thank you so much for posting this !
POS that was the best guy scream the i have seen in a while ! xd
POS ireland at it 's best !!!
NEG it wo n't let me comment a link , so i 'll pm you . ^ ^ : ; sorry .
NEU i know , right ?
POS i am not a bangladeshi but i love her songs . not only her voice but also the videos ...
POS cool video ... what 's the name of the song playing ?
POS ready to night party and meet naughty women ** mworld5.info **
POS lmfao , i miss that old trent , now trent is just old , lol , but hes still god
POS amazing !
NEG hmmm more like a movie trailer
POS this is beautiful !! please , unsolicited indian telemarketers , please , watch this video and practice it!just a suggestion , it 'd be awesome if you had subtitles for each word you said ... you can make them using `` youtube annotations ''
POS yes yes yes yes thank uuuuuuuuu now ill get my 360 i play my fatass online with my frined thnk uu ssssooooo much dame teacher didnt told us how to do it
POS very well said !! pero sana tagalog yung usapan para siguradong maintindihan ng masa . :d
NEU please write `` i love you '' in navajo ! i can almost figure out which word is which in the sentence but it 's hard without seeing it written .
NEU you used flandres theme ! i still cant get to her extra stage d ; also good lineart xd
NEG wow are you shiting i want my 4 sec back
POS such a simple song ... but so mesmerizing . EMO_HAPPY
POS this song is so cute EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
NEU great as always , but personally i like it when you commentate the replays of the game not the first person cause you can focus more on the battles and the other players and less on button spamming .
NEG hi asenath1954 - its between market place and jennings brewery .
NEU is this a dado machine ?
NEU greetings from the caves of war . my name is sgt george lucasi am an american soldier , serving in the military with the army 's 3rd infantry division based in iraq / baghdad . with a very desperate need for assistance , please contact me as soon as possible with my private email address which is my only way of communication email : -LRB- sgtgeorgeluc101 . com -RRB- thanks and god bless us all . sgt george lucas -LRB- sgtgeorgeluc101 . com -RRB-
POS you make very lovely babies EMO_HAPPY bless them
NEU s ? pode ser gordo
NEU ok i just copied it all off the website and im building my first pc but im trying to get some top of the line stuff thats not like crazy expensive , but now i have the cpu off my dads old computer i just need a case and mobo , which i know the case i just need a mobo
NEU for anyone considering cataract surgery ... do n't watch this video ! i 'm sorry that i did . it caused unnecessary anxiety . i had this surgery two days ago . before the surgery i was given drops to numb the eye . the sedative they give you in the operating room put me out immediately . i was not awake during the procedure . . i had very little pain afterward . a tylenol took care of it . and the difference in eyesight is phenomenal .
NEU 72 hours .
NEU i would hardly call america 's colleges and universities ' view of history `` mainstream , '' particularly because the views are not unanimous . what is true , however , is the uni system has accountability because faculty risk their career by spreading
NEG is this a sound stage dressed as a bar ? what the fuck ?
NEU kostenlosen mail bomber hier bei mir zum download .
POS shes holding her hand but awesome 5 stars from me
POS the snow is so beautiful
NEG bullshit
POS ah , i see you 've already seen the moo-norail . it turned out well . though the best are yet to come !
POS very nice !
POS one of the best actors ever !!!!!!!!!!!
NEU is this game more accurate on the xbox 360 than the ps3 ?
POS everytime i look madhubala is more beautiful than ever , the beauty takes ones breath away ! this is god given , they dont make them like this anymore
POS doc ,
POS totally rad betch . linux is the best .
POS thank you so much for posting this .
NEU i wish we had a nellyville .
NEU try latino brides in your area ** sarafox.info **
NEU de lo que me pierdo , papasote !!! no te eh olvidado israel sigues siendo mi amor platonico .
POS its designed after a benneli m3
POS question , is it all right to use beef stock instead of water ?
POS wow . amazing video . i 'm starting nursing school soon and hope to be a flight nurse one day .
NEU oh god ... * overwhelmed *
POS p!nk ... amazing ... you are fuckin perfect . . i have listened to this song all night thank you for all you do . never stop EMO_HAPPY
NEG reminds me of those `` abducted by aliens '' testimonies ... no-one will believe the poor rhino . `` seriously , there 's a big chunk of my ear missing , and i had bruises all over ... ''
NEU my brother died and were very close i cryed for a long time and i still havnt got over it he was one of my best friend
NEU is that rickey gervais ?
POS fuck!that was epic !
NEG they totally had the ipad 10,000.2 back in those days , =p -LRB- psst , this is anwyn btw , =d -RRB-
POS those trails look like fun
NEU do n't forget to enable ` simple file sharing ' again . and make sure you try this on a test file or folder first , or you may accidentally lock yourself out of your important file or folder .
POS laugh out loud mine too !
NEG im doing this in september . how many press ups are you suppose to do , im rubbish at them EMO_HAPPY
POS wow ... the gols can two shot a pylon , but ca n't beat those carriers?but then again , the dragoons were way op 'd against the bunker , and the gols were waay more op 'd against goons and the carriers were just op 'd in general.awesome video x -RCB-
NEU dick butkus is one of the toughest mother fuckers ever . if you do n't believe me take it up with him .
NEU i mean chew chew !!
POS great video you should join my program and checkout my channel
NEG results of demerit1 . a mark against a person for misconduct or deficiency : if you receive four demerits during a term , you will be expelled from school . 2 . the quality of being censurable or punishable ; fault ; culpability .
NEG if we dont do something about these freeks than we are stupid !!!!!!!!!!
POS gibbs smirks as though he 's seen it all before . cute i love tiva !
POS ah man you saw the tour !?!?!?! lucky duck i wish i could have seen it
POS awesome . i hope sony listen to you
NEU right lane was a heads/cam ls1 with a 150 shot
POS this song is cool
POS niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice
POS lol !!! bing !
POS a i went to australia back in 2005 with a program . . a group of probably between 30 and forty high school age kids ... and over the course of the trip , this was deemed as our group song ! nostalgic memories ! what a wonderful song and group .
NEU 108.5 ft lbs of torque is listed in the service manual . and your torquing the nut , not the actual clutch assembly . i 've heard people say 6th gear and i 've also heard 1st gear . i personally used 1st gear but when i do it again i 'll try 6th .
POS wonderful !!
NEG kane lost his mask in the late 90 's and early 00 's , definetely not in 07 so something is messed up there . really poor quailty .
POS save the constitution - ron paul for president 08
NEG looks like he was about to vomit when he said `` king deserves to be honored '' must be hard to lie so much , he is following along in bush 's footsteps quite well .
NEU only 2 comments ? people miss the best music .
NEU the detective guy reminds me of that black guy whos in street kings . . the one who stashed the money in his wall .
NEU thats fair play but this is a last promise song this one EMO_HAPPY
POS bingo !
POS i love the sound of whiskey sloshing in a glass container in the beginning
POS 11:15 = `` while you 're down there ... '' laugh out loud
NEU i have no doubt that the feds will file suit if proposition 19 passes , said dale gieringer , california director for the pro-legalization national organization for reform of marijuana laws.yes on prop. 19
NEU even tho am no with shelly . . laugh out loud
NEG called sarcasm look it up
POS does any one know where i can find season 2 episode naked babes . thanks
POS what a life story !
NEG qiu yike has some nasty blocks
NEG scotty is an annoying putz .
NEU i talkd to you on whitestripeslvr1 about the fraud
NEG there not fkin sniper lobbies you no people can snipe fkin hell so you disliked it
POS does anyone know ? the name ? of the piece of music used in the intro ?
POS very cool !
POS wooohhhh come on the 80 , s EMO_HAPPY
POS means he 's testing things
POS how does arn anderson not make this list ?
NEG this speaker really wants to sound like obama . `` ah , ah , ah , ah , ah . fucking retard cant talk .
NEU he just means a bundle of burning sticks .
POS lol ... me too EMO_HAPPY
POS
NEG i 'm literally crying right now .
NEU i could do that in my sleep
POS team garcia !!!
NEU eshghe mane hameeeeeeeeed
NEG is his brain like a one track mind on repeat?he keeps saying `` oh ! i 'm leaving bye ! '' * six months pass * `` i 'm leaving again people are sick ! `` seriously ... . / facepalm
POS i love this song : -RRB- play all the time on my ipod
POS oh my god ! that , if you do n't mind me say ... was actually beautiful :'-RRB-
POS i have my first lesson today . this is very helpful !
POS i hope shes doing okaii < -- cutest thing ever !
NEU he might see it . i 'll post it on my wall .
NEU try making the program from scratch so we can follow along , add some annotations or commentary explaining what you are doing .
POS surprisingly good song ! even though i ca n't understand the lyrics , it has a catchy feel , and the music is pretty sharp for the time period . = ^ -LSB- . -RSB- ^ =
NEG army prints on a girl = lesbain
POS can you pleaseee make a quick tutorial of this song please ? or at least show a top view of the keys and play it slow please ? thanks i would really appreciate it
POS neil is awesome , very talented ! he has his bad ideas , but mostly rocks !!!
NEG the high notes are off and the harmonies are all over the place ! EMO_HAPPY
POS nudity on youtube laugh out loud
NEU exactly , it 's like a game of hot potato .
POS i love this ! those 2 are amazing ! this was my first `` yaoi '' viewing ! i was 9 when i saw this !
NEG wait , say what ?
NEU 5:58 was crazy !
NEG some people are just cold hearted .
NEU how do ya get the hack ??? i clicked on the link but i dont get wat you have 2 do after that can you help pleeeez !!!
NEG why the hell doesnt rockstar make updates anymore ...
NEU vince and pete so attractive . ande gomez is such a terrific slimeball .
POS your the best dr. duke thank 's so much , god bless you .
POS the old megadrive games are the best . personally , i am complete and utter * insert obscenity here * at the recent 3d games ... EMO_HAPPY
NEU and my dad moved out after christmas of 09 ...
NEU is there a way to change a pickgaurd to another one that has less screws than the one before without it looking weird ?? -LRB- i mean that it also covers less space than the one before . -RRB-
POS laugh out loud thsi video is so great !!! love the couple and great song !!! kinda lightens the resident evil mood !! hahaha
NEG whats up with fire cape and rune kite ?
POS i am king
NEU go do stairs and ledges if ya ca n't do those than just quit skating
POS was it ham with pineapple ? that 's my favoritealso first place on this song is very impressive .
POS : dd yaay ! it rocks ! awesome job , i just heard of this band , theyre not bad .
POS i agree too
NEU whats the sellers name on ebay
NEU i cant see some of the words under `` excerpt from the instrument '' but other than that 5/5
POS yea but black ops is going to be better EMO_HAPPY
POS i like the lecture/essay style of your videos . it 's very interesting , and a lot better for serious stuff then pretending to be rwj and jumpcutting every 4 words -LRB- which is fine for comedy i think -RRB- my opinion
POS what a powerful video with powerful points . i ca n't wait to check out walid shoebat 's new book!ted
POS cool mask ! see the new movable masks that move with the movement of your own face ! click on the brow raisers link -LRB- left -RRB- to see more EMO_HAPPY
POS rofl . xd
NEU i dc a lot during boss battles , specially ceo . think : what would happen if you disconnect when the ceo is blinking red ? it takes over an hour usually to get him there . ; a ; i get ticked off at my computer a lot ... . windows 7 is pretty suckish when it comes to toontown reliability ...
POS i love your videos , they are so informative thank you for sharing your beauty tips . can you do a tutorial on how you do your eyebrows ?
NEU is that the geico caveman on guitar ?
POS i like the tempest and different on in silico and set me on fire and the fountain on immersion ... thats it ... hyc is and will always be their best .
NEU please , anything , do n't take away my salad ! i can have all the mixed greens i want ? stop , i 'm getting a chubby !
POS dude i think thats the best one yet just kidding laugh my ass off
NEG revelation 8:9 '' and a third of the creatures that are in the sea which have souls died , and a third of the boats were wrecked '' .
POS use cedar on the bottom too . cedar on cedar works great especially western red cedar .
POS jojojolan-please post more info . do you need contents of specific cell ? do you need to pass that to a separate form ?
POS hey charles and alli , ive been on youtube a lot recently and ive been looking for things like you are show and when i finally started whatching i cant stop , anyways i have a question for alli . you are going to spain soon and i think you should do what you guys did in the south of the border trip and find a wall with a bunch of other stuff and write something like ctfxc ftw or whatever and see how many people would send you pics -LRB- besides im going to spain next year and i think it would be awesome to see that -RRB-
NEG why are pervs so ugly ?
POS me 2 laugh out loud
POS wonderful !
POS who are the members of the band ? anyone know ? anyone ? please post info if you know . great stuff , hoagy was the best !
POS i 've never played a megaman game in my life , yet i * still * love this . excellent !
NEU we 've got a little `` to kill a mockingbird '' voyeurism going on in this episode !
POS turn tape laugh out loud i love technology
POS sht i aint heard this s0ng ina hella l0ng ass tyme d0e !
NEG this is ridiculous . just turn off the game for half an hour .
NEG omg !! that man talks sooo slow , i understand he may have difficulty with the language perhaps but he is discussing english literature so i doubt it . its like spit it out man !!
POS shout out cc . .
NEG where is the engsub
POS 25 years later and i still crack up !
POS best movie ever made ! the godfather of bollywood . all star cast , raza murad , amjad khan . incredible !!!!
NEU * fingerpicking
NEG 1 % of teens would cry if they saw soulja boy at the top of a skyscraper about to jump . copy and paste this everywhere if you are in the 99 % that would bring popcorn and shout `` jump nigger ! ''
POS some awesome shots there dude . bravo .
POS my school is doing this tonight !
POS i have to say , that was actually quite good . i liked it .
POS i love you are hair EMO_HAPPY
POS da ast song iz frm dj hero ilyk dat fix up ahaha letz go
NEG bp wants everyone to think they care about the ocean and the wildlife and us ... but we all know what they really care about $ greedy assholes . dont listen to these fake commercials with their sappy music . dont believe it !!
POS do you guys live in pennsylvania cuz i know a kid who looks completely identical -LRB- not exagerating at all -RRB- to the kid on the red chair with the yellow chat and his brother looks a little like the red head kid , also , i know ive seen the black hair dude -LRB- with the blue chat -RRB- somewhere . i think they yellow chat dudes friend live across from my friends house and i got to the same karate school as theyellow chat and red head dude -LRB- if they are the same thing -RRB-
POS this is kate 's favorite outfit .
NEU i do n't have a lace scarf , but it 's got holes on the edge -LRB- to put ribbon in when i 'm done blocking -RRB- and the rest is just garter stitch . but i do n't know if i should block with a wire like this , or do it a different way ...
NEG 435 are set for life while the rest of america wo n't get diddly from social security and may never be able to retire !
NEU left 4 dead is a lot funner ????
NEG maybe uncle scrooge gave it to him ?
NEU yeah really ... she ... was sweet to me ... but i heard shes very rough on people who work for her ... another thing i find so amazing about her is ... everyone is saying how unobtrusive she is . . but shes reeeeaaalll tall . . six feet 2 easy ...
NEU hmmmm , do i have a demo ... i just might , but i should probably do a new ... that is if it 's still alright ...
POS lol , i saw a thread that i started .
POS kudos , om mani peme ho , free tibet and long live his holiness dalai lama ,
POS please download end part of this fight
POS the acting in this scene is brilliant and its just so emotional it makes me cry everytime , fantastic !
POS where did this jfk quote come from . this is an important quote !
NEU works the same on mac , i have a mac and it works perfectly . thanks for making an easy tutorial and nice screen saver , you officially pwnd that shit
NEU i do n't see it ... sorry they must have taken it down . i will send you the link i have though .
NEU you did the work so long ago , but your tip was good about the save room . it 's just that it saves your exact status when it saves . it saved before you picked up the health kits the first time . so you needed to pick up the kits exit then walk back in to save again to keep the health . then load and you would have the life and more kits .
NEU raiderrrrrrrrrrrrrssssssssssssssss !
POS haha , what a funny dog !
POS awesome job ! love mickbeth . thanks so much for posting !
NEU rip cozzene .
POS i love this song .
POS yaaay miley ! :d
NEU my
NEG microwave obama
NEU oh braddy , people use fbook ... it 's okay . i 'll sign you up .
NEU currently over here , monsanto is king , and nothing less than a rebellion is going to dethrone them .
NEG women wrestlers in a cage , would n't happen in wwe .
NEU around the 1:08 mark sounds to me like jurassic park
POS congrats manuel !!!! keep it up !
POS liking this being played in a slightly different key to the original . i play this on my alto sax , it 's one of my fave tunes EMO_HAPPY
POS not bad laugh out loud
POS love this tune . it was the first single i ever bought with my pocket money . i was 11 at the time and had just moved up to senior school . it cost me 42.5 p -LRB- 8s 6d in old money -RRB- . i played it to death on the radigram at home : -RRB- <
NEU wheres the comment that says go masterbait to math questions ? :d
NEU nettalk is much better check it out nettalk dot com , you dont need to plug it in your computer .
NEU
NEU
POS king is back !
POS and thanks for all the comic con vids !!!!!
NEG the725 dislikes were from just plain old twilight faggots
NEU in a gadda da vida by iron butterfly
POS i love this song
NEU extinction is the ultimate fate of all species
NEU the picture totally fits this song . but it should be a sun set .
NEG i hate to say this , but is zizek whacked out on coke ?
NEG these girls really are messing this movie they are not acting well too much trying hard
POS love this song -LRB- its funny cause its true -RRB- and wally 's save when the mic falls is a thing of beauty EMO_HAPPY
NEU i became a lolicon the mineit i saw ku
NEG well im 13 but when i was like 11 or 12 i was hit on by like a ooo what was a fucking 80 year old dude !!
POS mariah carey man !
NEU the rodeo ...
NEU i was watching taleb speak , and i knew something was off but i could n't pinpoint it till i read your comment ^ ^
POS 10 years ago but they sound like the future
POS wow !!!! this grate
NEU you can be an atheist and work a 12 step program . your higher power can be the group of people in the aa or na meeting . it doesnt have to be a godlike being .
POS cool video !!!! he is an great jumper !!!!
NEG and your evidence for this is ???
POS i want that game
POS wow i love that ` soprano ' ending !
POS nice
NEG o my god ! i watched the first 22 seconds and could not go further . i have heard stories about dogs sacrificing their lives for their owners . i feel so angry at this man who is doing this . i hope he goes to hell ! this is just cruel . the face of the dog at 22 . is heart breaking .
POS this was awesome on chuck .
NEU 107th !
NEG holy shit ! hes married ?
NEU krifla lghadara chhal 9atlat man wahad
POS yayyyyy !!! =] -RSB- laugh out loud
POS 2:29 `` well it 's not bad my dear . '' laugh out loud john 's funny .
POS who is the composer of luoshui ? is it tong dik sung ?
POS the girl that covered for yuri was good ! perhaps the rest can maybe work a bit more on not going off tune - otherwise , everyone 's voices were . . jolly EMO_HAPPY
NEG yeah this was at a rubbish time as well other times when ive server crossed or used japan iso theres usauly 1000 + people
POS there 's no telling how good you are . i covet the kit .
POS thanks for sharing ... he is so cute ... . .
POS man that red daytona gets busy !
POS i would go to robalo boats website and do a dealer search .
NEU how would this work on a boom pole , would n't it slide off?i got a zoom h2 , and been prepping to do your boom pole video.also , did n't know we could get hot glue guns in the uk !
NEG epic fail
POS what is the song in the intro
POS super interesting !
NEG was n't 10 seconds
NEG ernie sanders is a shyster and a religious fanatic . do n't trust this man . he 's the one who should be locked up .
NEG fucking yank cock suckers !! thats not scaffolding !!!
NEU the october surprise is that we 're quitting the wars !! that 's the only thing that will save the democrats .
POS g.love = sweetness
NEU yeah , i ca n't name any of today 's music either ! van lee roth 's jump was awful , but i loved 99 luftballoons !!!! and remember the footloose soundtrack that was huge all summer that year ? and eddie and the cruisers `` the dark side '' and st elmo 's fi
POS all i know is sunderland are gon na win
POS thomas lockyer is absolutely gorgeous .
POS the dudes name is trevor mcnevan and the drummer is steve and probably are the most awesome band ever -LRB- besides skillet -RRB- rawk on thousandfootkrutch
POS hey abielle your filipino !? kewl!nice video =-RRB-
POS yup , i 'll be attending ithaca college as a music education major in the fall . though , i do want to go into music management after a couple years of teaching .
POS i love this song , i wish i 'd played it to my brother before he died ...
NEG like it , but dear god youtube killed the quality on this ! also , thanks for putting this up , for some reason the dev diaries do n't work on my wmp or cms .
POS yep is right lad
NEU you 're
POS damn ! you are hot carla .
NEU fair enough
POS this song is nice
NEG no a possum pin
NEU no offense , cypress hill 's version is much better
NEG barack just went uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhh alot .
POS i just love when i big tough looking guy gets all sappy over a bird ! adorable !
POS release it !
NEG ... nooo that 's the dyke , the fags making women 's clothing . hilarious .
NEU that was the 90 's ... grunge was the thing . hell of a lot better than 80 's and 70 's fashion .
NEU hee hee , ours does this too , i 'm always having to mop up after him ! had been wondering if they all did that .
NEU i didnt
NEG i can see november from my house and all you young turks will be crying !
NEG they are really far away , not much of a atmosphere
POS t.i. 's a great rapper , rite there alongside pac & biggie ... .
NEU we see uniformity of nature , so i accept the position of the uniformity of nature . bring me evidence to the contrary , and i will consider it.and one can not know through faith , because there is no discernible difference between
NEU demons are real !!!
NEU i 'm not surprised , if i was a ghost and someone tried to park their shit-box rover on my road , i 'd push it away too ... EMO_HAPPY
NEG what the fuck is this ??? i thought this is liverpool 's switzerland training camp
NEG goddammit i want j.r. vs heyman
NEG he 's obviously just going to haiti for the attention -LRB- and thus , all the money it brings to pad his hefty bank account -RRB- . if the filthy scourge of religion must exist on this planet , it would best be done behind closed doors , in private .
POS i agree with this man ! thank you for standing up for the truth !
POS i know this has nothing to do with the faith itself , but i had to comment : at 7:04 , that is a beautiful family . not only are they physically beautiful , but they seem so happy and united ! and that little girl and her mother are just gorgeous !
NEG i wonder if it 's coincidence that this came out the same time that watership down was written .
POS megga !!!
NEG what the fuck are you tlking bout his lyrics are da shit now go listen to his newest mixtapes bro this is not 2007 where he did that crank that his lyrics have goten strong now and luda just sucks past is the past nobody cares no more bout wat he was 5 years ago
POS laugh out loud
NEU you know that whole `` humans use only 10 percent of their brains '' myth is exactly that , a myth . i still think a prepped frank castle could kill slade .
POS the aunts and uncles are hilarious and so frisky ! mark and fun are so cute !
POS wise words ! inspiring !
NEG it was horrible to hear my love goes to him ... but its kinda like chris brown and rihanna thing im like ok ... do you kno that even though she got beat once maybe even twice , there are people out here getting beat 24/7 but theyr so afraid to escape or tell anyone bcus the creep might kill em if they try ?
NEU tak for din skarpe iagttagelse og opsummering om `` big tobacco '' . om folk vil se filmene `` the insider '' og `` control factor '' og sammenhold med det , der foreg?r i deres eget liv , da vil mange se meget store lighedstegn . tak for din ord .
NEG i think the real question is , what exactly do you have to contribute ?
POS i say install ubuntu ! :d
POS wow , big boobs much ? laugh out loud
POS great job ! really enjoyed your video !
POS he is so fine .
NEG i have to agree , it sounds like the same b.s just a different time . will we ever learn ?
POS that was very usefull adam
NEG : * ^ -LRB- very sad that all those men had to die the way they did . one of the saddest chapters in human history .
NEG you , sir , are a sad bigot . god loves everyone on this earth , and homosexuality is not a sin . gay marriage will one day be legal in every state . . EMO_HAPPY
NEG im sorry but this extremely boring . im from port , and i was excited to see that someone made a documentary . but come on .
NEU although i am ardent supporter of rights and liberties for all , guns appear to counter the rational base of my right and liberty to life even when i am committing a crime : `` eye for an eye will make the world blind . ''
POS its amazing how a simple post of a song will provoke a racial related comment . why ca n't you just enjoy the music . its obvious that you searched for it and the reason was n't race . the reason was because it sparked a memory or you like the song . chill out people ! just listen to the music . good to go ?
NEG then why did we let you be free again ???? why let you ???? why have a revolution over something planned ?? i 'm not a racist but that gap is left out .
NEG i was wondering this , it 's because in some of the songs he prefers to mess around with toys and stuff during certain songs , so he leaves it ot the other guitarist . but then last year when he had the car crash he got a permentant guitarist cause he couldnt play EMO_HAPPY
NEG ha ! that dude looked like he crapped his pants when jesse walked in . . lol . .
NEG the entire series of video clips , hosted by the way by a free internet hobbyist service , amounts to nothing more than people opposed to the lisbon treaty , but not having the intelligence to state why they are so opposed .
NEU do they still use the covered wagons on the winter plow trains ?
POS you guys are so good . EMO_HAPPY
NEG the music may not be of good quality . the police band is playing the tune ` general salute ' . you can also hear the buglers playing their version of ` general salute ' -LRB- which they play when the guards change at the quarter guard -RRB- . tvm . special armed police -LRB- sap -RRB- was formed when the travancore nair infantry regiments were phased out , or moved into existing infantry regiment -LRB- madras regt . -RRB- . travancore nair infantry in earlier days of the king provided bandobust duties for the ` aarattu ' festival .
NEG everyone democrat in congress and in his administration made the same claim , including hillary . did you believe clinton when he said sadam possessed wmd ?
NEU ^ laugh out loud you do n't know what you 're talking about . smallfry 's definitely a good sim .
NEG her boiler was in an overhaul in 1992 . but then in 1994 the overhaul was haulted and a patch up job was done so 1218 could be towed back to roanoke . all of her parts are stuffed in the firebox , and yes some key parts are missing . she is b
NEU its the infanamy trailer
POS interesting
POS i have been searching for this song for over 40 years . when i was in libya in the 60 's , my friend used to bring this little 45 lp to all dance parties . i finally found it today , what a relief !!
NEG you guys are gay
NEG what is the explanation behind them curving and changing directions . other than intelligent control ?
NEG can cysts on the bone develop independent of osteoarthritis , and if so , are they an indication of early arthritis ?
NEG i put originalfw.ipsw in the ipsw folder , and ran ipsw.bat , but when it finishes , ther is no jb.ipsw wat do i do ?
NEG i do not want to sound like a downer , but that was kinda boring
NEU oh man , when you said molested i laughed so hard
POS thanks kripp , another good guide
POS heavy ! i love the theremin .
POS amazing !
NEG willvill28yes , but facts are irrelevant when dealing with attention whores , religious zealots and bigots.it does not seem to matter that the state department validated his birth record , nor that the state of hawaii has posted a sworn statement vouching for its authenticity.there are people for whom facts are incidental annoyances when compared to the dire importance of skin color and politics .
NEG ugh you 're a mind reader . i wonder what the champions of charity would 've been like had those five crews won instead ...
NEU i would have to agree , mainly because i would n't want my team to have to face these guys right now . sure our schedule is tougher but we do n't win every team in that tougher schedule , in fact we can lose quite a few games and are still a top 1
NEG goddamn were you under a rock for dec/jan ?
NEU fuckin hot fred
NEG gaaaah , you fiend . the one person ... i dont rightly know . i suppose id have to . id sit her down and tell her how to do a british accent properly , for starters . then id lecture her on morals and decency whilst occasionally stopping to sip from my cup but maintaining a stern glare . then we 'd get in to an argument and id call her something too ghastly to type , throw my -LRB- now empty -RRB- cup on the floor and inform her ive had better tea dates in my foulest nightmares .
NEG what the fuck
NEG you from madtown ????
NEG go fuck your self
NEG wait no - navy seals .
NEG fuck fuck fuck !!!!!! i didnt send the power to archmedies is there any way to change that
NEU i have the new mbp , and had the same problems as you , i have a 32 '' sony bravia full hd , i have a max resolution of 1920x1080 , if i need the tv to display fullscreen what settings do i need to put on switchresx , i tries 1920x1200 and i got `` unsupported signal '' from the tv ... help !
NEG i always thought thomas more was an asshole . he basically ruined his family 's life with his execution just so that he could have a perfectly clear conscience . back in his time , a family could n't survive without the man of the family -LRB- as you see later in the film -RRB- . he needed to get his priorities straight and succumb to henry
NEU fuckin sick !! one of my inspirations rite here
NEG that is where comprehension comes in . the dumbing down of america . lets say you sit a child down to explain something to them . regardless of all the plethora of info you give them , if the child has low comprehension skills , the child will continuously ask why . why ? why ? why ?
POS badass ... ca n't wait to see the whole film . awesome trailer guys :d - tom bucag
POS it 's been a long time since i listened to `` sound affects '' and unfortunately forgot about this amazing song . stumbled onto it last night -LRB- watching the rockpalast show they did 30 years ago -RRB- .
NEU if you wan na download this mp3 go to everymp3rip doht cohm .
POS dude your laptop is mad shiny i love it ! my mom bought this ibm t30 laptop it has a 20gb hd , ati mobilty radeo 7500 graphics card , windows xp home edition service pack 2 , 512 mb of ram , built in mic and keyboard light , intel pentium core 2 duo .99 ghz -2.00 ghz , 2 usb ports , dvd cd rom , aand great sound quality . pretty decent fraps on nfs mw but terrible graphics . im getting a new 1 with win 7 hopefully a hp . nice vid and magnificent laptop !
NEG that cop was a d bag
POS hey check my newestvideo out please thank you
POS where can i buy chem-dip ? i could really use it.what year is your cub ?
POS great piece :d
POS very cool , i really enjoyed that
POS sooo good
POS this is funny as hell ! i love it !
NEU please dont ? read this . you will ? get kissed on the nearest ? possible ?? friday by the love of your ? life . ? tomorrow ? will ? be the ? best ? day of ? your ? life . ?? however if ? you dont ? post this comment ??? something bad will happen . now uv ? started ? readin dis dunt stop ?? this ? is so scary . ? send ? this to ? 5 ? videos ??? in 143 minutes ??? when ? ur ? done press ? f6 and you are crushes ? name will ? appear on ? the screen in big ? letters . this ? is so scary cause it actually ? works ? this actually ? work
POS impressive
NEU due to pressure from the school on releasing this film , we had to cut short the clone part . there was going to be an extensive and more complicated fight scene between spudtrooper and buzz lightyear .
POS haha its funny verry funny xd
NEU i am tired of the us medias which always define putin as a dictator .
NEG haters
POS there going back which is quite awesome :d
POS this is awesome how but how
NEU 3:28 , did he say he 's dieing from being approached by the front ? because it looks more like it switches to 3rd person mode when being assinated , much like with the jockey in l4d2 .
POS give em hell barack ... !!!
POS love andy 's voice ...
POS he used to be married to glady knight .
NEG prove that dingbat . he sees way more of whats going on than you . stop pullin bs out your anus
POS thank you very much EMO_HAPPY
NEG cracker trying to jack my roll-x
NEG fake and gay
NEU let 's try to get more than 331 unique commenters so we can show how bogus this count really is .
NEU omg ... the japanese have mastered the art of metal , ... . i 'm fucking speachless .
POS motley crue is the fuckin best
NEG wait , what ?
NEG chris , i 'm sick of seeing naked men and such and by that i mean guys with their shirt off . ca n't you find something funnier and slightly more appropriate ?
POS erin . . thanks for your tips . . its very helpful
POS asalaamu alaikum wa rahmatullah wa barakatoh
POS i so lvo et hsi video tios cute and sweet
NEG although i 'm sure you 're all for flattery of those more intelligent than you , your request is unreasonable .
NEU kontynuacja poprzedniego komentarza ... bo jest swietnym aktorem , bardzo mi sie podoba jego gra aktorska , widac , ze lubi swoja prace , robi to z pasja , a w kazdej pracy wlasnie pasja i zamilowanie do tego co sie robi jest najwazniejsze , filipie zycze ci dalszych sukcesow w pracy , angelika
NEU amen ! r.i.p. mr. heston .
POS for my money he was the best to ever lace em up !!!
NEU way to slay 'em shiloh !
POS thank you skelevision , please share this video with everyone you can
NEG iraq was booted out of kuwait by the us . it fought an 8 year war with iran . all of it 's weapons were purchased from the west . the us knew exactly what saddam had . i do n't understand how anyone could believe our intelligence would be this inept . this is why so many quit after the invasion . bush lied when he said the info was provided by our intelligence . this is why so many angry books by former intelligence agents .
POS this performance is on limewire if you lot wan na download it
NEU what was that last bit of audio they cut out ?
POS he 's all hyped up ... no one knows what he had in that hand ... 1,100 phil 's a funny dude
POS hey you should go out with jimmy xd seriously
NEG cause alot of people think any form of touch even innocent touch like tickling is between guys is a sign of being gay and wanting more and def the furthest from the truth ! those people are not comfortable with themselves thats all !
POS hahaha emma dat lachje EMO_HAPPY
POS this is very good .
NEU thats sickkkk !
NEG october 29th . venus inferior conjunction . weird things happen on or within a couple days of these events .
NEU i even hear lrad go off once in my neighborhood . i 'm cranking the speakers up and shooting the shit out of anything dish and speaker shaped . lot 's of people have gasoline and humvee 's make nice ovens . if you can get ahold of a bunch of mercury . put it in big containers that can break on impact and it 'll eat right through aluminum armor.what i 'm watching is comex options expirations monday . if they ca n't keep gold below 1300 then it 's max pain for the bullion banks and america is broke .
NEU how could you say that usc team was not any good ? we had sam clancy -LRB- 2002 pac-10 mvp -RRB- , brandon granville , david bluthenthal , an up and coming desmon farmer . i was shocked and still am shocked at that upset . usc that year was picked to go to the final four by sports illustrated . go trojans !!! u-c-l-a sucks !!
POS awesome !!!!!!!!
NEU dude ... its a song about color because the lead singer of counting crows is of ethnicity
POS it was a good game . most canucks fans are cool with me and the ones that made it to the honda center were pretty classy . i sat close to this group of canucks fans and one them had a poster that read , `` you wish you had swedish twins '' laugh out loud
NEU why dun they have this in cantonese version ?
NEU what the fuck game of love o.o
POS great fuckin video bro killed it man nicee .
NEG you got good grades in music ? i hope you 're kidding and not really trying to say that taking a guitar and piano class means you 've studied music . i have a bachelor 's in music and even after years of analyzing compositions by many of the greats , i do n't feel i 've even scratched the surface . that 's the difference between you and i ; you 've settled and are easy , like the rest of the simples that buy into what they 're force fed . i 'm discerning and actually pay attention . creed is terrible .
POS thank you so much ! for the first time i managed to do a stitch after watching the video less than a hundred times EMO_HAPPY
NEU can you use the steering wheel controls to change songs and such on the zune ?
NEU does n't matter ... richard nixon/spiro agnew would have still won the white house and did a better job in my view of history back then .
NEG was it necessary to use the word `` shitty ? `` and hunny , if you dont to hear their voices , might as well search up another video and stop trying to be a badass with all these comebacks EMO_HAPPY
NEU holy shit that guy swung that club hard
POS i love san fransisco , spots everywere
NEU it doesnt matter if dada goes to 0 . . only matter is his tram won today by his rules ...
POS cool video guys ! bodybuilding warehouse is top ! bought all my stuff from you lot recently , cant thank you guys enough !
POS very cool and i dont smoke
POS hahahaha mallory talking to that chicken xd she makes me laugh
NEG uhh why does youtube allow this big of a video ? no way this is 15minutes xd
POS asian ! i 'm going to start buying some mac makeup because of this video ! and also since i just started out in makeup you better help me when i have questions ;-RRB- . lol ! love you from other asian . -LRB- and if your confused pgs . lol -RRB-
POS wow ... that 's impressive !
NEU y puro mexico desde dallas tx
NEU yes bone boys is back
NEG what does that even mean ? if you 're going to get short with your keyboard , you might as well make sure everyone know 's what your talking about .
POS future looks bright
POS i 'm making sugar cookies myself withouth setting the house on fire
POS hey she was in tank girl
NEU i know ! whats up with that ? isnt he a water/flying now ?
NEG downie always gets his ass kicked . he 's lucky he never had to square up with guys like stu grimson , mcsorley , tony twist , or bob probert . he 'd be dead right now .
NEG blaga bla bla bigidy bigidy i sound nothin like john travolta
POS lobo-awesome xd
POS thanks .
NEU : well , there is all that pr0n to surf , i suppose . yeah . pr0n , beer and parties , right ? hahahaha ... we had that , but you had to get playboy and hustler and beer was whatever you could afford . me ? i was too much of a nerd to go in for a lot of tha
NEG here we go . censorship . so long first amendment !
POS thank you . like the first thirty seconds helped me with my problem lol . do you think you can make one on how to make npcs ' move one or two steps at a time ? that would really help me .
NEG and did n't capp rather crudely put the moves on her ?
NEG ehhhh ... i think you 're misusing corpus delicti . the corpus delicti is a test to determine if the crime being charged has actually occurred . for example , if we want to charge someone with murder , we have to show there has been a murder first . to do this we use the corpus delicti . you 're trying to use it as a means of defining which actions are crimes . that 's really outside the scope of what the corpus delicti is meant to do . i do n't think any court has actually applied it this way .
NEU i 've played every re game . these movies do the game great justice . they have their own story line sort of . so maybe that 's what people get upset about . but when it comes to some detail like different types of zombies , dogs , gadgets , weapons they 're spot on . the 3d on this movie was amazing and best i 've seen . i feel like it was a lil boring and i hated how it ended . seems like they 're trying to make it more of a story driven action film rather then a story driven horror film which it should be .
NEG tell me you are joking . oh no , you are serious.omg , you actually believe what you are saying . well . good luck to you .
POS wryyyyyy !!!
NEU i know how you feel , sadly my fathers funeral was on 14th jan. .
NEG what a fucking pusssssssyyyyyy
POS i love this video .
NEG shes old nw .
POS i love ouiser ... `` a bunch of my friends would dress up as nuns and go bar hoppin ' '' rotflmfao
POS somadala with a hot lafidi .
POS yep , pretty much , lol ! it adds to the overall appeal of the game imo ! :d
POS yeah this one has a lot better video quality than the other one .
NEG ; i do n't assume any rights , my friend , because i was n't there .
NEG no madaras brother is definately dead , madara took both of his brothers eyes and danzo only has the sharingan because when itachi killed shisui it was under danzos orders because danzo wanted a sharingan himself .
POS i have listened to many subliminal tapes , but this is certainly beyond anything i have ever experienced in this kind of genre . and , the art is incredible !
NEU zack for the hallowen zombie theme can you make weapons like a jason style machete please i tried many tutorials and none of them work please indymogul and zack ? your my only hope
POS great vid walt ! as always ! walt i 'm so sorry i havent made your show in a while . i have been working on new tricks and my show but im hoping to make your show asap . i think im meeting up with ustream on someday next week and i think they said it might be on monday . walt i am truely sorry i cant make your show but your the man walt ! keep the music going ! - cameron
POS wow , lots of cool things about unt that i did n't know , and i went there ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU im glad to see some 1 got they eyes open
POS there is no better punk rock band than the ramones ! and thats my opinion .
NEG it 's not really fair . everyone except terra , ven , and aqua , the three heroes of the story , got a happy ending .
NEU if you collect all of them in every story you get 1 achievement . so basically no .
NEU daug la salle EMO_HAPPY
NEU review vegetarianism , please .
NEG police academy was his last movie , he should have left it at that.horrible movie , , ,
POS i love the flow of this song and its just a couple of words but thats what makes it catchy.i really like this song .
POS amazing . cela m ' a beaucoup plu . top stuff .
NEU my love new york viva estados unidops cabrones yheaa
NEG you ever heard a god rapping ?
NEG that was n't blue meanie you jerk .
NEU this two old timers seen it all , real brave guys coming forward
NEG what the heck ? why is this flagged ? err ... now i see that others are also wondering what idiot reported it ... sheesh . just coz you hate j-pop from the 80s ...
POS very cool view of the inside of mma , love shields and his crew , looks like the real deal .
POS looks fun , i might go there next year . what dorms are those ? and how nice are they compared to like brandt -LRB- if that is n't brandt -RRB- ?
POS i saw the theatrical version in the theater and the opening credits were very erotic . i know ... for those who do n't recall it had buck and various women mackin on the buck rogers logo . if i recall correctly .
POS i saw pepsi without high fructose corn syrup , i was really surprised .
NEG fuck you i ment the video dumbass
NEU with that being said all galactus would have to do is convert the yellow suns energy into any matter he wants to strip superman of his powers or restructure the molecules in supermans body into kryptonite or simply teleport him to a different galaxy where there is no yellow sun .
NEG wait , so , remind me again what he would know about anything ? he fucked up countless albums -LRB- surfer rosa , in utero -RRB- , and has his head way up his own ass .
POS this is such a powerful video . it is amazing to see what you guys are doing for these beautiful women and children . dave
NEG thats shocking !
NEG she is ok . but song sucks .
POS lol , imagine being the drummer :d
NEU i kinda wish clay aiken -LRB- -LRB- unicef ambassador -RRB- -RRB- was in that commercial more than once ... :-LRB- -LRB-
POS i love it
NEU stacey 's so much better than the new blonde girl .
POS dope as usual ! rare finds ...
POS loved this video EMO_HAPPY
POS big meaty and bouncy ! and that organ rocks . maybe a little wolfmother would be a good choice for the band.this is my idea of what a rock band sounds like .
POS ethier of those would be acceptable too
NEU this guy remeinds me of a chubby doug henning !
NEU ... i mean the lions were 0-16 last year ... i imaging one of their guys are available ... haha
POS i love you more 2
NEG its not as funny as mxc cuz they lack lil asians and the funny characters
NEG oh michael shut up ! quality
NEU my brother 's
POS thankyou ! this helped me soo much !
POS hey , this is a really awesome quote mix ! and , of course , we all know sarge is an amazing singer after the third part of the reach special with the forge song ...
POS pi mu ... the polo madness khapter baby
NEU lol !!
POS hahah mayo you wild cuzzo
POS demasiado preciosa i will love to know you
NEG who is to say that they have not invaded ... subversely creating a race of ingnoant , consuming slaves ! remember perception is reality ... our collective eyes are being opened to things that are not from this world ... and so we must ask the question ... are `` we '' from this world ? we have step by step been leaving the earth the day we put shoes on . think about it ... deeply .
NEU i used to play mandolin and sing in a band with some girls who played bluegrass . i was a bit wild for them . they were sheltered . i chose the band name `` pickin ' on molly '' . they loved it . they thought the banjo 's name was molly . i thought it was funny . it was really just a variation on flogging molly .
NEU it goes hard !!!!!!!!!!!
POS oh my god that is awesome .
POS please look & listen to this spiritually stimulating youtube video * september 19th * mark lakeman of city repair is coming to la & will be teaching a very groovy hands on workshop @ hm157 *
NEG if you pause then clicj past themit only works sometimes
NEG no your not !
NEG yes , but in reality -LRB- especially at that time -RRB- he certainly would have incurred the displeasure of the tennis club members by turning up on court wearing casual trousers , shoes and long sleeve shirt !
NEU sounds abit like richard dreyfuss
POS how very beautiful , cc . i would certainly love to walk there among such lovely landscapes .
NEG i aggree , that kinda police brutality is detremental to the confidence the public has . thoes arse wipes should be fired and arrested however much like politicians , they will ` get away with it ' .
NEG you 're the one who 's pissed because a crtic gave thumbs down to some movie you like . faggot .
NEU good stuff , and the parting shot hit with unexpected force . shut 'em down . shut 'em down .
NEG the big dick rail . lol .
NEG sports game suck ass
POS oh , and i got to see her live outdoors this summer at fraze pavillion in dayton ohio
NEG the maghreb union countries `` place of sunset '' or `` the west `` the maghreb union countries `` place of sunset '' or `` the west `` the maghreb union countries `` place of sunset '' or `` the west `` the maghreb union countries `` place of sunset '' or `` the west `` the maghreb union countries `` place of sunset '' or `` the west `` wiki put conrad black in jail
POS one of my faves EMO_HAPPY
POS my favorite noir desir song . sexy !!!!
NEU hey pal ,
POS exelent explanation
NEG you misinterpreted my post . i was not taking potshots at athe no . yes , i do like the extraordinary form but a no mass can be for me , just as beautiful when the ars celebrandi is the forte ' of a priest . just because i would have like to see both forms of mass featured in the series does not warrant your assumption of my zeal . if a priest celebrates either form badly it speaks for itself and i need not take potshots at 1 form or the other . your zeal towards my comment is the only thing misguided .
NEU thanks for mirroring.maybe you 'll have more success . 450 views in the last 5 days for my channel.it should have exploded considering it was the only video of othman denying she is `` ambassador to space aliens '' . here 's the thing about this though , she really is `` director '' of `` united nations office for outer space affairs '' so the news reports were essentially correct . they just reported her title incorrectly , which forces othman to deny it.so , did the media do this to discredit the truth ?
POS the little gangster rapper jesus ! - priceless !
POS a great video . ***** :--RRB-
NEU 500 bucks was almost six grand back then
NEU den kommentar hab ich doch schonmal gelesen ^ ^
NEG they totally copied metallica . listen to the beginning of creeping death after watching the beginning of this .
NEU they fucked that game up big time !!!! hahaha
NEU ano itong performance na ito ? details please .
NEU might want to add on a smaller one to lead the big one
NEG i can never understand how an anime eyeball can be round ... is n't it supposed to be huge , and possibly square ? i mean , the whites in anime eyes are huge and not round at all !
NEU who are the wingmakers ?
POS looks like fun
NEU 549 gradjana +1 :d
POS laugh out loud - that is funny . i know sainsburys staff get stick , but i love it , not many managers make themselves look a tit .
NEG ankward to watch
POS my youth showed this sermon video to us today at church and i just loved this song ! most christian songs are n't harsh enough -LRB- in a positive way -RRB- and really send out the message , but this one did and i think god really spoke to kendall bout this one !!! thanks for this awesome powerful song !
NEG where you at alaska ??? this has to be old footage .
NEU i just realized they did something to the webcam software on youtube , when i heard my dog lapping up water , i dont think i 'll have to hold the mic up anymore , after i painted it black and everything . mike said it looked like a tampon.hahahah
POS this is the best cover of anything i 've ever heard
POS what matters is the sound of the song and not how he looks.thank god stephen hawking in wheelchair all his last two decades would not have had the chance to do his doctorate in physics but also regarded as the living einstein , he would have no chance in some people 's world .
POS ... having sora in brawl would be
POS can anyone tell me which fugue it is at the beginning ???
NEG how can you type with a penis in your mouth ?? that 's a skill ... make a video of that .
POS lol , a drive shaft in the car is only an annoyance ? sounds pretty dangerous to me . anyway , very nice video !
POS ilove your video rollin !!! and ballin !!!
POS brilliant song , and who better to deliver it than jesse dixon . awesome !
POS love pete
POS ki lo gba instruction lowo daddy . . iwaju yin ni ma ... daddy . . mr latin funny yo . . lmao
NEG sit in my lap ... hold on !! stop moving !! it pose to hurt !!
NEG get a grip ! i have already given you my views.now just accept them !
NEG yeah your gon na look a bit weird arnt you , you one day randomly turn up at a neighbour 's door and ask to check all their rooms
POS smartest talk ever
POS that was well said point taken .
NEU sierra from versaemerge
NEU cotton , wool , linen , ect .
NEU i did n't know you can speak australian ...
NEU mio nonno ? de basilicata
POS thank you so much for posting !! i taped this in 1990 !! i was 14yrs old and watched it every day !! i let someone borrow the tape about 6 years later , and i never saw it again . . but thanks to your posting , i can hear/see it again !! thanks again !!
POS i feel that if this video were entered in the grammys , it would win for best music video .
NEG
POS i love this song
POS thanks jamenjoe , i 've found the song ! nye nindu by agricantus
NEG god dammit chu , i thought that you were above wobbling EMO_HAPPY
POS yep real film
NEU thanks ?
NEU ahahaha !
NEG glen beck is prime example of republican greed . it?s always me , me , me , i , i , i. caring for no one but himself .
NEU that 's what you called pro sniper!good day . . : g * sorrow < 3 from psf
POS nice ! i was hoping you would upload this show . it 's one of my favorites .
POS i like dark crusade alot next time pls play as imperial gaurd
NEG so madd i voted for her in 2005glad shes gone !
POS this is sum mad talent take time to look for a track called im sorry , reaching for me , you are my everything on my channel im from the uk so wud sound like different rap to you but plz comment rate n send out to friends ty
NEU hahaha . this compiles some of the only good parts of this movie .
NEG fucking posh cunts , alright for them to pollute the air with there v8 tractors ... ... suck my ol' bill you toffy nosed cunts
POS 2 people missed the `` like '' button . awesome song !
NEG this kid is cute . . ca n't get credit for a phone , a car or a house . maybe he can scrape up some money somewhere to buy some shampoo and wash his hair . as they go on , his hair is getting greasier and nasty ...
POS awesome video .
NEG you really are an idiot are n't you ? it is hyper saline , and part of the ecosystem of the area . go look at a global map ... you can clearly see that salton sea was once the top end of the sea of cortez ... and through years of sedimentary deposits , became a land-locked inland sea.the summers make the edges more saline , and have less oxygen available ... the stronger healthier fish travel to the deeper sections of the lake and are fine . you really are an idiot ...
NEG is it necessary to own a large white tunic to be a cult leader ? if so i have been going about this all wrong with my jogging suit !
POS never give in !
NEU i choose to celebrate his life , not question his death !
POS very nice video . and such a beautiful song . thank god we have people like nichole nordeman to help put words to the praise that our hearts feel toward our lord . what a blessing her music has been to me and my walk with the lord .
POS yeah it is b/c how else could they make lip gloss ! i still love yah jory !
NEG fags : -RCB-
NEG the food channel thinks that good bbq comes from new york city ... lol ... lame ...
NEG he is a nazi . get your mind out of the gutter and start thinking .
POS laugh out loud its ok
NEG what the fuck is the name of the song
NEU oh my godd thats so sadgreat chapter !
NEG europeans thought they could import muzzies to use as cheap labor , and that decision was the beginning of your collective cultural suicide . you did not understand the nature ? of those you brought into your midst . and whenever one of your own stands up for your culture and heritage , you denounce them and call them racist . your only hope for survival as a people is mass deportation .
POS brilliant free runing
POS thanks for posting
POS nice
POS i swallow it every tuesdaynow that is funny .
NEU does anyone know what year the scenes on the rapid city , sd line were shot ?
NEU does it cost money ?
NEG i only see two modes in darkmount ... kinda sick of the lame third modes ... i would rather have them focus just on two modes and keep them solid ... but i do have to wonder what is so hard in designing a tank that can also turn into convincing looking turret
NEU happy birthday bitch .
NEU nigahiga , way better 'cause nigahiga has his own idea , makes it realistic , and does n't say bad words or do inappropriate things
NEU i 've noticed that you , paul , wear sunglasses a lot . i 'm guessing you guys are always so stoned that eye drops do n't work . lol .
POS thank you and thank you !
NEU jajajaja me muero de la risa con giovanni 5:08 jajajajajaja ... .
POS ' i got number 67/8 ! '' 67/8 is my hat size ! ` genius !
POS me love go even of om , just a neginner
NEU any more
POS ther was only one michael jackson and only one frank sinatra !! i miss them both !!
NEU firestorm must have pretty good armor ... razer had a hard time piercing it . or maybe it was damaged when dead metal got a hold of it .
POS when this game comes out , its gon na be packed with people . i soooo want this .
NEU yay madtown !
NEU i miss home man yizo yizo proudly south african
NEG not much a sense of humor eh ?
POS i absolutley love this song .
NEG pac got him on lyricism but on a real level no one fucks with guccis except for boosie
POS this spared us many tears this morning . thank you so much for making and posting this .
POS i had n't heard this for over 50 years . simply marvelous ! thank you .
POS treyarch wins
POS your videos are really great . enjoyable to watch and listen to when vibin .
POS i have to ask you ... have you ever been bitten ... and are you always barefoot in the swamp ?? ... by the way . . this video is amazing ... . very good . . i have some vids on here of a black snake and some other things along the susquehanna river where i live in pa. . .
NEU how did you get the ui theme
NEU well let 's see what the new album ` black magic ' is like ... by the way tupac had songs like keep ya head up , i get around ect . . biggie & jay each made too many songs for the ladies to even count so you probably really hate all those guys ' music .
NEG you just dont appreciate motorsports , dont be mad because you dont have what it takes to build one of these trucks capable of doing so much . just get back in your eco friendly fag mobile and ride .
POS this is funny asss shit
NEU google gary boaz . that is this instructors name .
POS i was there , expensive and worth the whole hun . ;d
NEU what was that song that jeremy was recording at 1:27 ? it was like , `` no longer can i live a life of no control ! ''
POS martin lawerence is the best
POS love how worf patches his fucking spacesuit with a dead borgs hand . what a badass ...
POS glory ... i have suffffffffffffered !!! i have paid my dues , o jesus sweet jesuejesus !!! i love you leading lady serita lol ... yea thanks for the beatings i love you !!!
POS hahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaa myyyyyyy spaghettttttttttttttttttiiiiii !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
POS two words : bad ass !!!
POS must be on e EMO_HAPPY
POS what a few great goals so many memories there . stuart greay 's barmy army he is a quality manager !!!! come on town !!
POS we have got to get ya 'll down to south ms this spring for a blowout ride !
POS oh i 'd love a plushie of adam , so kiwaii !
POS lennox lewis ... in my opinion 1 of the best boxers of all time ... such a great personality such dedicationamazing boxer EMO_HAPPY
NEU pino is just ridiculously tall . he makes that bass look smaller than john 's guitar !
POS got ta love those neck veins in the last one
NEG lmfao fucking retard you cant drop trade more than like 60k so shut the fuck up cock knocking bitch
POS oh yea baybe nice big jugs
POS mighty nice ! bravo
NEG well as long as you set emerl 's fight pose to gamma 's , you 'll be able to explode when you die .
POS damn - that 's one young stevie goodman - when was this recorded ?
NEU nice run in description did replay really mess up you are vid ?
NEU uuuuaaaaaaghhh !!!!!
POS my friend and i also were on this cruise . your video captures what a beautiful sight hubbard was .
NEG thats cool photos are easily saved online some people even steal them and pose as that person the main thing with myspace is to eb wary of random people adding you remembering they may be adding you and your whole friedns list , , ,
POS thank you :-RRB- to the beautiful wise women and to you who posts . these words will carry on through the universe , releasing more love . im watching all these videos im addicted.-dez
NEG no music
NEU my horse is relatively grounded .
POS cool
POS i dont know whats going on with me or what had happened to me , but i do know that i love you and im going crazy over you . i worry myself and get anxious for you . i swear im dying for u. you tell me that you know the meaning of this feeling . and a
POS variation is key to muscle growth - you need to make your body `` guess '' on what the next exercise in the workout will be.when comparing incline dumbbell to barbell press - the barbell press is more isolated and even though it makes your stabilising muscles work - the amount that those smaller muscle groups get is much lower . also incline dumbbell press can involve a tiny amount of shoulder work.personally i like the dumbbell press EMO_HAPPY
POS please check out my first animation ... :d
POS i love this video . so important to remember the bodies needs and compliment our vibrations of being .
POS wow you guys make me smile ... speedy can you speed talk while making love ?
POS wicked mix and a sexy dj !!!!
POS god made them to understand he is always in control and he tells how he want his people to worship him . he changed their usual meeting router and made himself strong ... god is great .
POS this is an amazing song . my mother is dedicating this to my dad at his suprise 60th birthday party for their 1st dance . they 've been married for 37 years . so fitting
NEU this song is called la mar -LRB- the ocean -RRB- by the beautiful girls
NEU political propaganda .
POS oh my god this video is so cool !
POS aweomse i was hoping you were gon na make a video of this beautiful machine !
NEU fire the torpedoes
POS thanks fro posting , all of my trevino faves , and some i 'm just now being introdued to .
POS thank you madukwu . you 're a genius in your own , so i really appreciate that coming from you . i love this song . i can relate to the lyrics . EMO_HAPPY
POS you got to love bo at the 3:26 mark . `` lets go blue ''
NEU the one was 0.5 cm bigger , i read that somewhere .
POS awsome song and i love this movie ... i have the dvd at home hehe
POS at 03:00 `` love is a donut '' laugh out loud
POS awesome
POS hahah good look i got you on that hat .
NEG it 's not going to be `` fun , happy go lucky '' . graphic style does not a happy go lucky game make . tww was n't like that , was it ? would you say the entire destruction of hyrule is `` happy go lucky '' ?
POS i know the whole dance too i love this song !!!
NEU i have foxfire but im watch episodes on my ps3
NEU hey since kojak 's gone who 's flying number six at pearl harbor
POS beautiful - like you ! your talent is never ending . . i love your home . . b.t.w. my home is calling for you , `` maryam , please help me . . i need a make over . . '' ha ha ha . . but , if you ever need another project , please be my guest :-RRB- . . love you lots ! keep me posted on the fabulous home updates ... xoxo mm
POS go to ? beyondphenom . com ... it ? is soon to be the best place to watch personal sports highlights . hurry and create an account and upload a video to ? show ? your talent to the world !!
POS amanda tapping is one helluva sexy lady .
POS 7:45 - `` you ca n't win . you just ca n't win ! ''
POS i 'm writing to tell you that your system is definitely the best system for forex traders that i 've ever used . i tried various programs with little effect but the signal method is what i always wanted . this way i can do other things instead of worrying about market analysis and other complicated stuff . i 'm absolutely satisfied with this system . learn how to make easy money at -LSB- makemoney8xcom -RSB- -LRB- replace x with a dot
NEG fuck you . you fucking bastard
POS les carlson is awsome . love the raspy voice . and the prancing ? when you have love for god . . i 'd be prancing too . ahh . . the joy in your heart . . what a feeling . so dance all you want les cause i 'm right there with you buddy . rock on !!
POS this is just sssoooooo epicly awesome !! just lloovvee ~ it ! x3
NEU to be fair , i do n't think mat grew up playing basketball , so he was fighting an uphill battle from the start . hopefully he took advantage of the free schooling and got his degree from a premier school in the u.s. he had his fair share of distractions ... multitudes of hot women threw themselves into his bed reportedly ... so who could blame him for falling victim to ` neil reed syndrome ' ? -LRB- what 19 yr . old could resist that ? -RRB- play a sade song & tell them they are the most beautiful woman ever ! ; ^ -RRB- -RRB-
POS possibly my favorite album .
NEG where are the other parts
POS laugh out loud awesome
NEG o_o
NEU man , the only bad thing about this interview is geoff 's mic imo , mabye its his uber-manly breath .
POS augustana - twenty years , love this song , makes me cry all the time .
POS thanks , glad it helped !
POS i got my daith pierced a few months ago . laugh out loud i wanted my rook done but they said my ears were too small but suggested the daith instead and i love it . talk about pain though ... nearly passed out . but its worth it i think .
POS nice !!!
POS dang that woman can sing !
POS i love the song at the very end
POS yes it is EMO_HAPPY
POS yeah i think it 's lame german house / rave music .
POS laugh out loud its almost chrismas right now ... december 12
NEU why are you reading this comment you should be looking at jess
NEU he covered a lot of stuff in a short time ... which part did you not understand ?
NEG very true , but mankind has grown power hungry . this `` hunger '' has caused massive destruction , and it has caused many people to suffer in this world . quite frankly , none of us are happy , unless someone else is suffering . it does n't have to involve
NEG who flagged this shit ?
POS this is my song i EMO_HAPPY you minica
POS nice .
POS beastly rambo . . my money is on you .
POS love it :d
NEU man , ferio eats more than goku
NEG she just had flu not swine flu
NEG o.o
POS jackie lifted her game here ... frankly there arent very many singers of any age who could compete with that
NEG and you do realize lendale is on the broncos now , right ? i guess `` stud '' rb 's in your book ? go through 3 teams total in an offseason as well . moving on , thomas jones may be an ok back , but he 's far from what you 're expecting and his old age w
NEU only available in 160kbps at the momment . will get a 192kbps up soon
NEG investigators determine air-france disaster caused by plane crash
POS you rock
NEG they are playing with people 's lives for their amusement . hubris ?
POS i love him one of my favorit
POS thank you
POS help legalize marijuana ! go to norml -LRB- . -RRB- org and contact your representatives
NEU a evo taman usreci svog starog nadjuci ovu pjesmu ... nije mogao vjerovati kad sam mu pustila , ah barem sam nekoga usrecila barem na trenutak :-RRB-
POS if there was a 2008 version of rescue 911 the scene of the policecar heading to the scene would be a perfect animated image .
POS 373 likes and 309 views
POS you deliver amazing videos every time . thank you !
NEG obama ... lets use his real name finally . are you really gon na vote fir ... illigal man ?! really ?
POS happy birthday ian . thank you for the gifts you left us .
POS thank you for returning EMO_HAPPY
POS success ! thank you ! i 'm with dmnyli , below . it took some time to `` see '' the inverter plug . i used a tiny nail on the end of a hemostat -LRB- clamp -RRB- to work the cable clip in . the tips of my fingers are still sore from holding back the clutch cover ! another issue -- keeping the sleep magnet in place as you reattach the frame . i finally held it down with the eraser end of a pencil . . just one mystery -- i double-checked all around the frame . i could n't figure out where that `` extra '' screw goes !
POS i saw when you originally did this on brunch with bridget and i laugh hysterically every time i hear it .
NEU everybody knows his name !!! whatchu talkn bout bumnumba2 ??
POS nice man . good shit .
NEU wow what is that ?????
POS thats my staes song
NEG hey guys , blizzard is being rediculously stupid with their `` anti-hack '' and `` atni-gold buying '' crap and closed my account for `` buying gold '' ... which of course i 'm not stupid enough to do . . but either way . . i wo n't be making any more videos , unless they give the account back . hope you guys really enjoy this video . peace ! ~ ufayah
POS lots of great highlight moments . i just think the music was a little subdued compared to the highlights . it just did n't seem to mesh too well with the awesome beatings i was watching . overall a decent hl compilation though .
POS she stayed a long time . good girl una !
POS i absolutely love your vids !!!! i was a 100 % expensive brush buyer until i saw this video . i do n't even want to think about all the money i have spent on trish mcevoy , stila and mac brushes . do n't get me wrong they are great and i love them but $ does not always equal quality , i think it 's great you are showing people that might not be able to afford the expensive things that there are other options and not pushing the expensive ones because you know what they say ... it 's all about the tool . v
NEU tax payers revolt !!!!
NEU ron paul 2012
POS only 6psi too ... smaller pulley made yet ?
NEG a social engineer do not get you in the newspapers unless that is needed . consider what is reported in newsmedia , if it says something and people get afraid and start looking , they may find sites which some would consider to be adversarial , and w
NEG why is that zombie naked ?
NEG laugh out loud r = u is racism !
NEU 5 ! includes 4 which is not a prime . 2 * 3 * 5 = 30 and 31 is a prime .
POS nice video and they all look beautiful together it is so cute and amazing , i cant wait for season 4 where all the girls are together now that would be awesome!rock on !
NEG what a bag of shit
NEU i dont care i enjoyed this movie cause it was cutting edge for the times goooooo ron howard and george lucas ! even though the last 3 star wars sucked ass !
POS yea ! i looked everywhere for like a year for the commercial with that whistle ! i whistled it all over and nobody knew what it was from ! laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY now i finally found it ! woohoo !
NEG why are you playing those notes staccatto ??? its supposed to sound like fog , hence the name
POS i love his jealousy !
NEU benci banget promosiin budaya indonesia pake lagu2 asing . . !!! emangya ngga punya lagu sendiri . . !!!?? percaya diri sedikit knp sih .
POS a lot of the japanese artists i 'm into -LSB- mainly rock -RSB- sound exactly as they do when they 're on stage and on their cds - it 's amazing to hear them . it 's one of the reasons why i love this band .
NEG that 's because it was eventually deleted from the game -LRB- along with the scene with max driving a car alongside the train . -RRB- the two scenes appear in the game 's intro anyway , regardless of them never happening .
POS lmaoo ,
POS haha sounds like something i would probably do
NEG i have a 79 with big wheels in the back and its a pain in the ass because they keep rubbing and my tires keep getting slashed and ripped . i love those wheels but i need to find a way to make it work .
POS thanks ! i have fun doing them , so they 're gon na keep on coming . i do n't even have an estimate for how many videos this series will have ; there 's just so much more stuff to switch on and off in the 3gs vs. the ipod touch i tested last year .
POS wow he taught !
NEU i think shes saying . . she should have feared him ...
NEU because if the tattoo is colerd all the ink will fade and it will almost be like you never hade it but if its black you should use vaseline
POS hey martha . . who is next 50 cent ?
NEG i have a paralyzing `` case '' of bufonophobia . i 'd jump in front of a bus before every getting near a toad EMO_HAPPY
POS i 'll take the girl
NEU you can not see proof of god until you are willing to listen to people who know god . they have his `` license , '' what he looks like , what he does , etc. but you are a stranger . would you show a stranger your friend 's personal information ? no . first , you must be willing to listen . that 's great that you want to contribute to humanity ; but even an animal dies having contributed to others . i think humans , w / higher intelligence , can strive for more in life , and reach beyond material boundaries .
NEU sad really , but perhaps he was a really good physics teacher ...
POS thanks for the tip ! i 'm going to start trying your routine . i was just wondering what would be the best order to do these in when i saw your comment .
POS great song !
NEU i like my margaret cho fat , nasty and disgusting . who is this hawt sexy woman ?
NEG like i said ... those stupid programs caused me more trouble than was needed.i think the only think i 'm really disappointed with is her hair . > 3 >
POS free energy has been here for a while , but millions are spend in supressing that information , get the blueprints for a real magnet motor free enegy machine at lt-magnet-motordotcom , start the revolution !
NEU the guitarist in this made it his own although , kasabian 's is far better
NEG shits fuckin illim glad theres someone who knows hip hop
NEG any god whose attention is not hooked by this and `` rex tremendae '' -LRB- tremendous king of great majesty -RRB- ... should be fired .
NEG my god ... who could have done such a thing ... no ... not ... g.emotion does not computelol real choice voice acting here ... but seriously i remember seeing this game in the arcades ... good to see it has not fully lost its touch .
POS gorgeous woman -LRB- no homo -RRB-
NEU that last advice spielberg made my hairs rise ...
POS karthik you are a very good teacher . anyone new to it , this is a very good place to take training . he can walk you through very slowly and steadily .
NEG why are you getting into street fights anyway ? seriously , when did the point of a martial art become stopping pickpockets ?
NEU whats the name of the song at 3:18
POS beautiful . thanks for posting .
NEU this song inspires me i love to sing in front of big crowds and when i remember this song i know that i should just be my self on stage , and i also feel confident of my self when i hear this song cause my brother always says im ugly and stupid and nobody will ever like me ,
POS lmaaaooo , sala kuthria ... i love that part ... it never gets old !!!!!!!!!!!!
NEU so it 's only in canada ?
NEU is this phone good overall ?
NEU weapons and old people thats funny enough .
NEU dim fd as new openfiledialogwith fd.filter = `` text documents -LRB- * . txt -RRB- | * . txt `` if . showdialog = windows.forms.dialogresult.ok thentextbox1.text = . filenamedim lines as integer = 0dim txtparser as new textboxtxtparser.multiline = truetxtparser.text = my.computer.filesystem.readalltext -LRB- . filename -RRB- for each sometxt as string in txtparser.lineslines + = 1nextlb1lines . text = linesend ifend with
NEU haha . . your comment made me laugh .
NEU does dave wilson , the lead singer , remind anyone else of a young and thinner steve earle ?
POS ohh man you would have loved them , saw them 4 times live . . 91/92 . . slane castle ireland 92 , , , alpine valley 91 , , noblesville 91 , , wembley 91 , , , they were fucking biblical , , epic i still remember every fucking night i saw them live . .
POS nope i trust you has more depth to it and more emotion behind it
NEG why are you watching it then ?
POS pinlines were made using liquitex paint . any acrylic paint will do . just have to tape it up good and put it on thick .
POS love graciela and adrian so much!so in love ... 1:59 -2:49
NEG you need to know that anti-scabies meds do n't work on some mites . and they are very toxic . plus they come back if they are not exterminated from the furniture and clothing . . not an easy task and it is hard to find something that wo n't kill you too .
POS i love philly . it was the greatest city to live in . i miss it .
POS there 's the dark side of tenesha that i like to see . wonderful , wonderful video . the effects where you got the faces to perfectly overlap , wow !!
POS my team is finally going to compete 82 + games a year . stat city with felton running the point gallo with the 3 's randolph showing off his potential turiaf and mozgov protecting the paint . 2010 knicks year
POS love the pic on the roof at 1:39 !
NEU k paso con ulizes zamora ? el 1er cantante de los capi ?
POS nope . a. jeffrey lavalley , from flint , michigan . the keyboardist extraordinaire .
NEG i 'm with you darrell , a big no to this mosque .
POS this has got to be my favourite song
NEU you guys are soooo random
POS there is a theory for all things in life EMO_HAPPY
NEG is it me or is it weird that good shows get canceled a lot while the crappy shows are too stubborn 2 leave .4 example : hannah montana
POS man , i love how the characters always have a final talk before they begin battle . always makes the scene more dramatic ... like a calmness before the storm .
POS yah its true hes the best hell wope your assh
NEU killer mike is too good to be this underrated
POS yeah , but it 's just that nazrin is so much easier to get lol .
NEG y yall got to b so freakin crazii about the soroitys yea i mean i understand dat aka 's and dst may b rival step org . but wat the rude comments 4 ? wateva you have to say bout a step or org . if it aint respectful den y da 4ck say it den ??? me im 13 years old and wen i get older i will be a delta bkuz det are da best.yes aka 's originated it but wen dey cam yall were downrated.and y were arguin its not bout the step its about the history and the service they put an effort out to help .
NEG elsworth isnt black ...
NEU good you can only get better
POS also try puppet wars fps its a funny game offline
POS bsides gillmore and townsand how about the drummer simon phillips he is really incredible and the addition of the horns is genious soo much fuller than the studio but hey great musicians sound better live . any band who is good in the studio and suck live should give the credit to the producer and recording engineers
POS i love it when he says `` no more drum , no more guitar , '' but yah went the old time way , hand clapping , tambarine , and foot stomping . it remians me of when we went to methdosit comvention and the young people took over , then the elders join in a helped . praise him
POS this is awesome
POS love this track thanks
POS short and sweet : mindboggling call today oscar . called the high friday . . omni said 928 . high hit 927.75 . . just unbelievable ... you ca n't get better than that !
POS yay alison ! you rock!love , sarah !
NEU this describes nia so well . i ? nia !
POS yeah , it 's brilliant . it was a massive leap up from my old 15 '' , really immersive . but i think when i do my next pc -LRB- hopefully after prices come down -RRB- , i 'll have to get a 30 '' ! =d
POS darren once again proves to us he is the best ...
POS thank you ;-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
POS i 'm going to visit auburn on talon 's day soon , i can not wait to see the campus
NEG oh my god to everyone
NEG that was not a tutorial !
POS next years conference final ?
NEU is it real ?
POS is there something better than magnificent ?
NEU yo lo mato a ese desgraciado !!!
POS you are like me have alot of things and havent used many thats y i started the give aways laugh out loud i dont know about doing a collection vid we will be here allllllll day EMO_HAPPY ill have to get into stila i only have a few products im more on the mac side well makeup side in generald laugh out loud be blessed on to the last part see you there
POS it sounds nicer , the more i listen to it . EMO_HAPPY
NEG the reason he isnt going to blow up is because all he talks about every single line is weed . 34/7 weed out his mouth . like holy fuck i get the point . you smoke weed . i aint heard shit bout him being hood tho just smoking weed . if i opening his head all i would find is a bunch of fucking weed ashes
NEU thanks for posting . the whole experiance was just as you described . god help the poor manager -LRB- and the clean up crew -RRB-
POS good job by a brave man .
NEG damn ...
POS amazing x
POS you make some good videos . thanks for the effort .
NEG haha bullshit you dont have a girlfriend
POS she has a glow to her
NEG what is this ... ?
POS yet another soothing , tranquil , peaceful , serene , and beautiful video to soothe out tortured , battered souls by ...
NEG that is a set up !!!
NEG i will believe that the economy is turned around when our debt is paid off , and when obama is not borrowing 41 cents of every dollar he spends from china . i will believe that this is not a false recovery when we start producing our own goods . look at the trade deficit guys ... our money is going overseas , then coming back in the form of debt . the only reason the dollar is where it is now is because the countries holding our debt are waiting to bail out , with minimal losses . we are in for it ...
POS add `` watch?v = f-5nbfmxyx4 '' to the end of the main youtube url
POS i love win 7 .
NEU i cant seem to get the chaeto to be healthy , could it be time for a new bulb?when i got the new chaeto it cam healthy and thick . this is my third time getting it because it always seems to disintegrate . could it be bad algae over taking the
NEG yea , she didnt measure an entire cup . it shud hav been thickr
NEG just looks like a large , fancy office building to me . kinda small for an arcology . if it is an arcology , it doesnt look self sustaining .
POS excellent ... thank you !!!!!!!
POS chiga has the main charactor touch !!
POS ikungfu comes from climber in 27 in 1 gamebox
NEG lionels devil he just uses surveys and studies as examples not proof
NEG id rather not
NEU cause he was a jerk . - haaaa gets me everytime !
POS thankyou !!
NEU pirates of the caribbean theme song ?
NEG no ive never eaten a bug
NEG they did that on purpose i suppose its just an easter eggy thing that emphasises what youve made of sheppard
NEG sure now he sounds like ron paul . they all do now .
POS EMO_HAPPY heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey
POS it 's rwd
NEU search online russian women gettop5.info
POS this movie was exlent . -LRB- from aly -RRB- i could watch it all day!soooo funny . laugh out loud
NEU how old is she in this ?
NEU welcome the nwo slave camp , but i think enough have woken up to this.as it gets darker still more will see the light of truth .
POS beautiful
NEG : not only do you lack knowledge of minnesota law , you also lack any sense of class .
NEG ehh now i have to disagree with you on tht one ;-LRB-
NEU umm i 'm not . i really do n't see why everyone was just giving me a thumbs down . i was just pointing something out that was n't right . he 's great on everything else and there no need for sarcasam here .
NEU 1:49 who is that guy ?!
POS awesome video ! go skip beat ! by the way i love the mustache part EMO_HAPPY
NEG , i do n't get why people think socialism is bad . in theory , it 's the best thing ever -LRB- it 's just that dick suck idiots fuck it all up but then when has mankind not fucked something up ? -RRB- . actually , i think people get confused . i can under
NEU is welfare a better job ?
NEG please learn yoga from a knowledgable teacher - not these videos !!
NEG i like to be a little bizarre because the ae people provide the same routine , mundane , primitive answers without the slightest bit of open-mindedness beyond their `` absolute truth . '' their followers are simply looking for verification and vali
POS how pretty . i love tulips too .
NEG brah you 're dumb . they even say it . on their first lp , it says `` this album is dedicated to carcass , without , this genre would not exist . you know stoked they would be if you called them a carcass rip-off band ?
POS i used to work at bbw and layering definitely is the best way to make the fragrances last longer .
POS praise god in all things and thank you .
POS wallace ... the heart and soul of scotland.over 700 years and his name is synonomous with his native land .
POS phat remix sun well dun !!!
POS i am not a pentecostal believer , but
POS thanks maam , i 'm sure this video with help me out alot !!!
NEG this shadowkill65 64 w.e the hell his username is . he needs to get his fingers and face of his butthole and quit bitchin
NEU i also love playing concentration and if ya have monopoly i 'm into that too . hahah such a loser ! i want to punch father baudink 's shirt . . looks like he went to the verizon ladies first tour . . hahahah
NEG greg jones is going to rip denards head off .
NEG listen to geitner 's tone . he knows he is shovelling bullshit . he is n't even making an attempt at making the scary stuff sound scarry .
POS adrian ! i coulda been a contender !
NEG do you guys think you know more than this guy?the scientist ?
POS i personally do not know vikasbhai , but one of our family members is learning from him for many years . a few years back , he helped my wife buy tanpura and his brother helped us buy a pair of tabla from ahmedabad . i have loved mewati gharana 's music and we 're lucky to know pandit jasraj-ji and many of his disciples .
POS soul swap , new warlock talent , removes all dots from a target at will and replaces them on another target upon re-activation .
NEU laugh out loud seguro que ivan esta killao
POS r.i.p papa i will miss you and all you are amazing stories keep an eye on me and lead me in the right path in life . save me a spot in heaven you are favorite great grandson
NEG tat is xtinct it pwoven bye shyence -LRB- speak english please -RRB-
POS thnx man , EMO_HAPPY
NEG let me at him , i 'll make his ass change colour!with my shoe !
POS yes ! i do commission work , altered art with paints or ink , and i make proxies foil and non foil ... contact me if your looking for anything
POS nice vid
NEU allahuma istour almuslimiiin fi kouli makaaane ,
POS jessie never fails me :d
POS whats the intro/theme song in the begining ? its 0:45 through 0:55
NEG i 've noticed obama stutters just before the tells a lie ... and he stutters a whole bunch .
NEG no , i do n't want a new blackberry phone ! 0:03
POS i love how some of the comfortabley numb solo is at the end of this song
NEG just to clarify a point . stannard asks whether he is meaningless if he is not being observed . this a a non-sequitur of what has gone before . it was stated that questions relating to objectivity are meaningless , not reality itself . stannard is a subject/object . not a question therefor he is not meaningless
POS i thought making the ` street toughs ' seem gay was an absolute stroke of genious . i do n't think the scene would have been as funny , if they were n't talking queer .
NEG i hope you meant gokey and not this freak .
NEG i do n't recommend any eating out where food is prepared by someone else .
POS excellent!straight to my blog .
POS wow you guys rocked . good job l.a. anon
POS great work anna . all you need is a best boy , key grip , gaffer and winnebago supervisor and you 'll be away , love from chris
POS this act is so cool ! they just look like they 're having so much fun just jumping on the beds and doing everything their motehrs told them not to ! haha !
POS nice work . is there one for the wolves game also ?
POS that was interesting , thanks
POS a good couple of videos dave , ray mears says the more you know the less you carry how true.keep up the good work ... ... .
POS fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck yeah
POS 1 modded lobby look at the bullets it instantly reloaded
POS great information ! please keep us informed!deathofthedollar dot com
POS ayee haha
POS barns and nobles has them .
NEU what did you use the regular mayo for ?
NEG a bastard like martyrindia needs the boot !!! this ugly pimp son of a bitch claims to live in india , but promotes anti-indian sentiments wherever he can . his job is to spread lies and hatred against india . what an evil doer !!!
POS a singapore cane long before ecw . awesome !
POS wow , that 's deep ! i 've never thought about the lyrics in that way before ... thanks for the new perspective !
POS oh ! nicely done !
NEU do i need a upgrade to get a new phone -LRB- i.e. iphone -RRB- or can i just buy it and put my sim card in it ? i want the 3g iphone since the 3gs is to high for our range
POS anna amazing ... this is actually reaaaaally good . enjoyed it soo much . watched it about 8 times in a row now whilst anna tried to rip the headphones off my head .
NEU its pk flash
NEG lolz , showing a video of you running ???? sad =p
POS take another look , i made a change to point him out for you . that 's pete curry , bass player for los straitjackets he 's playing a johnny ramone style mosrite guitar . fucking awesome !!
NEG i seem to be repeating myself - doh !!
POS i love this song especially this treatment . slow and accoustic without grand gospel back up . michael , your voice is so soft and sexy in this one . had a good night 's sleep , eh ? peace big man and say hi to carl cuz i love him !!!!!!!!!
NEU its a slow burn .
NEG hey mocosos is time for your bed times
NEG yea me 2 wtf ??
POS i ? this song so much ! idc what anyone says about me ... but even though its not the 80 's , but i ? that music ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG to : vivrin07 dude , you 've been brainwashed . look at the early bbc and the guardian reports from the region . they clearly say and show that the georgians started this mess by breaking the ceasefire and shelling the ossetian civilian centers .
POS you guys rock !!!! xd
POS there i am !!!!!!
POS hallelujah !!!! glory , glory glory
NEU when is the next one coming ??
NEG spooky
NEG show biz religious clown . defends ignorance and cultism
POS i 'm directly descended from her on my father 's side EMO_HAPPY
NEG he waz a retard !!! laugh out loud
POS genius
NEG use common sense . does it smell ok ? if it does then taste it . does it taste ok ? then it is ok .
NEG people ... simply make sure you have your arms and ammo , well stocked and hide them ... somewhere away from your home , but in a place they are safe and no one is likely to find them ... that way , when it goes down you will not be disarmed ... the really sad thing here is that the poor saps who will go along with this -LRB- the average brainwashed american -RRB- will just say , `` here 's my gun '' and wimper away . you should stash your arms , and then bs the bastards . run your own psi-op on them!god bless america !
NEU how come no one has addressed the cop killer gun the guy used ? it shoots 20 rounds semi-automatically . you can just go to a store and buy it . anyone can . it 's our right .
NEG if you actually use these kinds of bulbs you better turn em off for good and get rid of em !
NEG i have no idea , but if you find out please let me know .
POS very cool parents . throbbing gristle and michael jackson
POS oh my god the cape stand is genius laugh out loud what the fuck how come no one else in the world has ever thought of this concept laugh out loud
POS rofl ...
POS thats y i subscribe , your good
NEU dude if your talking about the tattoo it going to cost you a good 1,000 to 2 500 depends on the artist how much they charge per hr which they are going to because its going to take more then one session and of course the detail of the piece .
POS cuz bob 's half black half white , and damian 's mom is white ... so basically his hair is white , so it can grow reeeeal long
NEU dude take it easy ... just dont buy it if you dont have the money :d
NEU you should right a book ?
POS ithink by hearing this song jux now ... i 've became the biggest fan alive . :-RRB- -RRB-
NEU is that the new member to the sg wannabe at the far right ?
POS too bad doug did n't take better care of himself . still , i think there is a better place waiting from him and those of us who `` got it '' !!!!
NEU laugh out loud they throw a lot of flashbangs @ you dont they ?
NEG whos that hot blonde chick steph ? shes a total skank . like seriously EMO_HAPPY
POS hahahaha tree cower and dance ftw
NEU garth brook - callin ' baton rouge
POS , i hear you and agree fully . but it just goes back to the joy thing for me.i look at it this way : i am going to serve my god as best as i can , in the best way i know how , studying the scriptures and devoting my life to prayer . if i go down in
NEU yup , the power to weight ratio for the corvette is great . although it is not built for the straight line it does make a good drag . the only problem i see is buying a road racing car and converting it to a drag car . not cost efficient . your right , it is a matter of what you can afford .
POS this was impressive . i have tried to play this and it has never coem out very well . kudos to this guy , major kudos to him EMO_HAPPY
POS they -LRB- we -RRB- were called dr strangelove .
NEU whts the first song called at the party ?
POS i would n't want manabu to die becaus ethen the serise would end , i ` de love to see this serise come back into a live movie or something like that .
POS great filming & music . thanks
POS for c you could have used that video of kevin droping the cake ! that video is so funny !
NEG make sure to pull up pbs . . nova episodes with the title.what darwin never knew '' . . this ones called . '' what darwin did n't know '' ... which is no where near the same & no where as good in information ... and makes you think why did they do that making a spinoff pbs ... version ... and using a similar title ... so they could confufuse people ... assholes *
POS i met them both and i go to their gym !
POS hgnr !!
NEG please read my last reply ... observation not a problem do you have a chip on your shoulders ?
POS aww nice ending : -RRB- lol demi and ashley xd
POS my friends just got this game for nothing and i loveee it ! so fun ! if ya 'll want the game too , the link is in my profile .
NEU i like how these adds pop up 1 second before the show fades to black for commercial break -_-
NEU funny
NEU i have alot of live dvds not necessarily released professionally
NEU i do n't think jo and blair were too cozy . it was natural to pair them up for a couple reasons . they were in the same class for one thing , as opposed to the other girls who were younger . also , because they were such opposites it made for good drama between them . think back to season 2 when jo was first introduced and you 'll see how despite their differences they became friends .
NEU t?is isnt fake appa?entl ? if you cop ? paste t?is to ten people in t?e next ten minutes you will ? ave t?e best da ? of ? u ? life tomo ?? ow you will eit?e ? get a kiss o ? asked out if you b?eak t?is c?ain you will see a little dead gi?l in u ? ? oom tonig?t in 53 mins sumone will sa ? i ove you im so ??? o ? i wan na go out wit ? ? ou
POS i went into fye to buy something , and this album was on in the store . i knew i needed it as soon as i heard it .
POS awesome thanks !!
NEU i would guess a good chunk of the people watching it probably were n't even born when that song was around , not like us old fogies . laugh out loud
POS i am so glad somebody sent me this song . it reminds me of old school good music . if anybody knows anymore bands like this please inform me .
POS wow , and i thought the 3rd job skills were good ... these are insane ! o. 0
NEG i 'm not wasting any more of my time researching well outside my expertise for you . i 've given you what you asked , and you ignored it . you have not given me anything i asked for . if you want to attempt to argue the case for abiogenic oil , find a geologist who supports biogenic oil and go wild .
POS whatever they play this band hits the spot!it pulsates with an irresistible rhythm.i find listening to them balm to my ears and mind.this piece is wonderfully performed.thank you mr bloggs .
NEU she 's due for a major lifestyle up-grade at this point , if not just for safety reasons , she 's known world wide , she 's already proved what she needed to , now it 'll be about staying power .
NEG israeli bitch got owned
NEG hmmm that game must be pretty short
POS haha i like that girl that says `` wow holly shit ''
POS no bad at all !!!!!!!!!
NEU i feel sorry for flippy EMO_HAPPY
NEU man you 're so on with that one . it happens all the time . most of us want no harm to anyone etc but , we seem to come off as combative or just aloof .
NEG yes , lets sit around idle praying to someone that doesnt exist . instead of standing up and doing something , we should just pray , of course our god that doesnt exist will help us !
NEU first
POS it wont do what you think ... . . lol good idea thow
NEG look who talking you 're the bringing up homo shit . you must be gay . dick sucking fag !!!!!!!
NEU man , nothing compares to the eq community . sorry to see you go man even if we never met
POS fr . crosby has done a beautiful job ! the cribs are a labor of love for him ! i contributed a crib from costa rica to his collection last year . i hope i can see it in person someday !
POS great video , nice place to stay , well edited and good voice over .
NEG you didnt address why oregon went into michigan in 2007 and punked the wolves 39-7 nor why did what is turning out to be a very weak sc team go into columbus and punched the big10 champs .
POS this was truly beautiful ; only one problem -- it was too short !
POS holy crap !!! i love starcraft being a korean ... omg i am just speechless !!!!! xd
NEU i dont even see how anyone could have disliked this ...
NEU i heard matt is a jerk and nabil was really nice i think matt is really cool and so is nabil . do you guys no if matt really is a jerk i do n't think he is
POS fantastic video mashaallaah , i am learning so much . i hope to be able to get a good grasp of classical arabic by the end of the course .
POS most excellent be naughty lady benaughtyman.info
POS hey booski !!!!!!!!!!!! just coming thru to say that i featured your vid on our bubble babez yt . love love love ya ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU i think its a mixture of paraffin and bees wax
POS damn look at that fine ass woman 0:14 , laugh out loud @ `` fauwkin drawer 's ''
NEG lol . sure you can claim certain religious claims are false . that 's not what i said though . if you claim that god or gods do not exist , and that i am full of shit for believing it , you 're purely speculating.proof of god : not going to happen.rea
NEG I do n't know how long gomez signed the contract with montreal but they will get rid of him when they can , after that he 'll go to a shitty team like atlanta and he might stay there for some time and that will be the end of him
NEG i am not sure what bill kristol has on fox . otherwise , just based off of the wacky and totally inaccurate analysis and predictions he gave for how well the war in iraq was going in 2003-05 , he lost any sense of credibility with me . now whenever i see him offer an opinion on anything i know the opposite must be true .
NEU muie manele muie manele muie manele muie manele muie manele
NEG the tunes came off an album called `` rambler '64 going great ! ... with that rambler spirit ! '' the lp was used `` by rambler dealers and salesmen in showrooms during public announcement of the '64 ramblers '' -LRB- it says all this on the album cover -RRB- . there are 9 songs on the album that glorify the various 1964 models . i 've seen the album turn up on ebay . i bet if you set up an ebay search , it will show up again sooner or later .
NEU gunna go read the next one now ... poor sel ! she 's not miley and she wil never be miley ... her mom needs to respect that
POS wish you the very best of luck and i hope you tons of fun ! do n't forget to take some pics for us here in the west coast . have a blast !
POS wow this is a great video . is that sarah silverman at 4:42 ?
POS i lovee airports EMO_HAPPY
POS so true , you must be detached from the outcome . i have recently understood this concept and it has helped me alot , thanks ^ ^
NEU he smiles but inside he 's thinking `` someone get this fucker off the stage ! ''
POS she 's such a beautiful woman ... she 's so elegant , so classy such an inspiration!she 's gone through so many things in her life and she continues to stand and she stands with such grace!incredible voice , she sings like an angel ! she 's touched my life in so many ways . i love her !
POS great video
POS 0:42 look , it 's my old buddy dos!oh dos , how are the save games of duke nukem 3d i left on you treating ya ?
NEU 00:30 i wonder how jason feels about guns ?
NEG it dosent look as good as i thought
NEG lovely song , but what the % ! & is up with the audio ads at the end of the freaking videos lately ? irritating in the extreme .
NEU 10:30 seconds if you count the advertisement
POS good story and fav
POS she and brittany pozz-phar are my two favorite barrel racers !!!!!
NEG they are all unconious because there is no air being pumped into the plane , engineers did a seal test earlier on in the day and turned the air switch that puts air into the plane from automatic to manual.but when the engineers finished they forgot to put the swiitch back on to automatic and neither the pilot or co pilot relised the switch was on manual so as they got pass a certian altitude the air thins and they sleep into unconsinous ...
NEU j' faisait de la nage synchronis ? avant mais j' ai du aret ? car mes poils restaient pris dans le filtreur . .
POS great explanation pete ! i am looking forward to trying adwords correctly .
POS so glad to see paul sculfor , wil chalker and andres valencoso back on the runway !!! where are marios lekkas and tyson ballou ... hopefully donatella can take enrique palacios out of retirement and back on the runway for next season !
POS for kel xo xo xo
NEU denatured
NEG ignorant prick .
NEU damn you galiger keepin all that nikki goodness to yourself
NEG delayed to q1 2010 . it 's depressing . EMO_HAPPY
POS oh my god , look at how key take care of yoogeun , he is the last person who sleep EMO_HAPPY he will be a good husband for sure =d
NEU all of them to me
POS oh my god ! pretty awesome .
POS 2.27 secs always give me goosebumps ... that 's when they kiss !! :-RRB- -RRB-
POS i wana go there
NEU thank you . i 'm sorry , but i do n't have the danish movie ^ ^ ;
POS haha you are a little late.bought an american deluxe jazz bass .5 minutes before a concert i went to tune my bass ... it didnt register needless to say i searched frantically for a 9v battery and screwdriver i miraculously found them and evrything was good . i learned my lesson haha
POS great video !!! good explanation
POS just saw their show over the weekend , and it brought one thing to mind . these guys still rock out and preform better than nearly any other metal band out there . the fact their hair has changed and they have aged has n't slowed them down , they can put on an amazing show . i feel like they could go on another 20 years after seeing them
POS anti-snake . . hahahahah
POS cant wait to hear jeezys new mixtape :d
POS great job with this song and video dustin !!
NEG this isnt nu metal its metalcore asshole .
NEG the bird ruins it . i hate birds their voices are annoying
NEU i had 3 friends on this band . dart , jim , and walter clark 's replacement , tommy gordon .
POS this is one of my favorite videos too !
POS wow hickory got upgraded nice .
POS hey juliana we miss you here in new york . this is awesome and amazing just like you !!! mrs. brice-hyde 's period 10 government class !!!
NEG your so stupid !
POS i absolutely love this song
POS hahaha !!! i would love to have that job ! i 'd get crazy to get the exclusive , muahaha !! ^ ^
NEU are the high school choirs in the back ?
POS he should be with selena gomez . they were cute together .
NEG i agree , most these people that fight on here i doubt they even grew up in the country , cause if they did those boys and girls would learn some damn respect and stop treating each other like crap
NEG hey you forgot 2 mention how the nexus might interfere in the cage match
NEU vi consiglio il libro del dottor francesco perugini billi `` mangia grasso vivi bene '' tutti i vostri dubbi sull ` argomento e non solo saranno chiarificati !!
POS i like how hill was able to integrate himself into a new setting with magic .
NEG i 'm getting tired of the drama and i 'm almost finished lolz
NEU gracias por subir la pelicula completa .
NEU miley sucks . jonas brothers are great EMO_HAPPY
POS i will never get tired of this movie.my favourite movie ever . < 3
POS this song is dopeness , i cosign the desire ti hear a mixture of the foxes styles .
NEG you noobs can easily remove it . just look at the url you are one . and delete the parts after '' % '' and press enter .
POS notice h2 / lindlar catalyst yeilds a cis -LRB- zusammen -RRB- configuration , a good memory aid i developed : my cis lindlar -LRB- get it ? -RRB-
NEU does anybody know where i can find exorcist the beginning ???
NEG could yes , but probably not . fedor took care of herring better than lesnar and carwin had real trouble keeping it standing w / ganzaga til he knocked him out -LRB- granted , gonzagas a beast -RRB- . mirs going to need mental recovery from the lesnar beating and will prob be out for a while . i would n't put odds on any of them against fedor . but yeah , they might beat him , just not likely . fedors faster than any of them , strong , and has fight smarts . granted , shane and lesnar are prob stronger .
POS togara you must get into the voice-over industry ... you have incredible vocal dynamics !
POS love the old school music . thanks for the very entertaining information !
POS you got ta search one tooth pimp , really funny , one tooth pimp . one tooth pimp , leave comment if you think it is funny , i think it is creative and hyst
NEU hahaha aduhhh lucu bikin perut mual aja
POS this looks really good !! i want to see it !
POS my favorite unforgiven song : -RSB- the video is incredible too
NEG hahah what the fuck was that lil mfer in the grey hoodie doing laugh out loud lil pussy
POS yeah ! kevin durand !
NEG and ofcourse the cracker azz pig wasted another of my tax $ !!!
POS damn darnell iz 2 fineeeeeee !!!!
NEU yea laugh out loud i remember that i was so disappointed
NEG im somali and i think this song is sick too .
POS yes , they do help , love the videos . they translate into many different hobbies , especially the how-to stuff .
POS mmd doesnt like ritsu . i love his outfit shorter , it makes him look so sexy . but it has the `` if japanese font is included in the file , please rewrite in english '' . i already have and ive downloaded him like three times ... im rly sad
NEG first off he has juggernaut and second off role playing games are under powerd and third you are stupid -_-
NEU it 's about a high school boy who only likes older women who finds out he 's been married to a twelve-year-old . nobody asked him if he wanted to be , he just is . the couple are the two you see in this video . then there 's this guy at school and ...
POS this song rips ... awesome tune !
POS thats amazing he was totally bald before . can you do african hair ?
NEU bacana essa musica ? do edy lemos !?
POS thanks !
NEG why would they not focus on a classic tuvok episode if they were interviewing ` tuvok ' ... ?
NEU 213 rollin 20 ea $ t $ ide c ^ rip crip love a.b.z love
NEG once again you hit the nail on the head ! it is amazing how when it comes to santa clarita city government vs the residents of santa clarita there are always double standards . as i said before time to clean house !!!!! keep it up nff !!!!
POS tim day came to my school once
NEU dawn
POS hugh , this video , i think is one of your best , the look and message are right on for a `` prosperity cast network '' video message.devin hunter
NEU firsrt
NEU most of you well know chris started seeing and studying the demons after a roman catholic up bringing was well studyed in the spiritual exercises of ignatius loyola , some say he never finished working for mi5 , and was well supported on building disinformation groups in the uk this blows into full swing to help with civil unrest agent provocateurs like chris everard work towards martial law by helping divide and rule by setting up groups in the uk
NEU have n't the casinos been using the facial recognition software for years to spot blackjack players who count cards and stuff ?
NEG so you 've got to leave your vehicle running for 8 hours whilst on site where someone can steel it !!!
POS dearest sam , you ` speak the undesirable truth ' in such a way that you make us see that it is all we can desire . i think that you will ` dare to go where he leads ' because you know -LRB- and make us all see -RRB- that elsewhere is into nothingness . god bless you beloved friend .
POS julie is a true heroine . she is a ray of sunshine in the darkness .
NEG don , t send trashy comments to this site ! if you do n't have something good to say , do n't speak , it just makes you look bad !
POS whipping it around on the screen laugh out loud
NEG so is the point of this game to be an out of shape loser ? why would you pay fifty dollars to do that ?
NEG i see that you have censorship . why ?
NEG why can only lanky turn into enguarde ?
NEU the liner on the zt knife is a bit thicker than the liner on my cqc-16 emerson . ~ sensei israel
POS i love this song
POS dis shit go hard !!! love it !!
NEU real generator : v = wut480hvjlc
POS oh my god got ta do that !!!
NEU dark matter anyone ?
POS 1 degree of seperation ! you are so fortunate to have been so close with such an artistic treasure . thanks for sharing your comments .
NEG he kill every thing
NEU we just put up one today , that new one ... you should check it-keegan
NEU hahahhahhahahm , wtf ????
POS a lovely reading of a lovely poem .
NEG in a month bama fans will have a lot in common with usc fans . well except that usc fans do n't use outhouses or screw their sisters .
POS bacon !!!! whoootttt !!!!!
POS so cool !!! got ta love that foggy hawaii !!
POS and a beautiful comment , sweetheart ! thank you for the wonderful feedback - we both deeply appreciate it !
NEG fucking you tube fucking up agian !
NEU what are you painting on in this ?
NEU if only lindsay had been a diff ` rent strokes fan.lmfao ! how mean !
POS theyre amazing guns360 fps !
NEU rod serling of the twilight zone realized smartly that the lusitania was a much , . much more imporatnt ship than the titanic . he wrotea n hour long tz ep where a man travels back in time to try to stop the lusitania from getting torpedoed . serling knew the lusitania brought the us into ww1 where as the titanic brought no country into anything !
NEU years ago i used to spend a week in fort william every year for the spring , weather was always good to me and the company was fantastic . sadly i had to take a break from these trips for personal reasons in the mid 90 's but by 2000 ish i managed to get there again . never in my entire life have ever regretted making such a trip , never been there since and i 'll never cross that border again .
NEU it 's set in nazi infested paris , you liberate it from the nazi 's by doing various tasks , but their 's loads to side quests to do as well . it 's like ... gta with a . . oldies look , i 'd recommend it .
POS oh my god her voice is so pure and full ... thank god that there are still people out there willing to use the gifts he 's given them ... and i also love her glasses .
POS love the video post ... thanks !
NEG screw unni . . that witch !
NEG why is there morse code transitions still on todays modern radio ? i dont get it d :
POS lolz
POS thank you so much for all the videos ! i laughed so hard my stomach hurts . i really really miss this show . great job and thanks again !!!
NEU i took a test on facebook , to see what my theme tune was , and this is it
POS am i the only one here who feels reminiscent about their childhood when they see this game ? lol , good times .
POS nice song . carl
POS that 's awesome ! what does it look like ?
NEU it does n't look jerky it looks more like loads of screen shots
POS 2:45 awsome
NEU i have indeed been `` leaving '' under a rock . thanks for pointing that out .
NEU hoygan donde puedo grabar esta cancion
POS awesomeness ... thanks for sharing
NEG yea i know but that package only comes with on le model and only xle and limited nav
NEG magni ... i 'm a libertarian and you 're just inventing shit as you go . you ignore facts and instead of making rational discussion simply edit reality so that you can keep believing what you need ... there 's no meds to fix what 's wrong with you ... may i suggest you kill yourself at once .
POS wel wil win in any conditions
NEG damn near went deaf at this show
POS it looks so goodd !
POS this is amazing . you 've really inspired me to become a pastor and help people .
POS presente !!!!
NEU i know what you mean . ever since i first saw this video on mtv i 've been hooked on michelle 's music . memories of east texas really gets me . why ? once drove from indiana to visit friends in austin and stopped in gilmer for lunch on the square . drove to gladewater too , but it took me more than 15 minutes .
NEG good for you . . and riding without a helmet really shows your intelligence level . .
POS oh my god , sitting at that talent is more talent than you can shake a stick at !! i love many of these people !!!
POS nicki goo hard !
POS c'mon gang !
NEU doe gewoon langer
POS awesome !!!!!
POS id love it if they were together in one post.is there another way to have pictures uploaded to a blog , page or story content page with another image module that will upload from your computer.the one that comes with tinymce is ok if you have a url but some people dont and it would be great to have the option to upload from thier computer.im searching anyone have any input ?
POS thank you . i 'll give you my acceptance speech later !! laugh out loud
POS thanks for the video . having just undergone my third surgery for a detached retina , it is great to see what the surgeon did to my eye . i am glad i saw it after the surgery and not before . l. newton , ph.d. .
NEG i wonder if he also raped while on the run ... if any women/girls will come forward in europe ?
POS ha ! did n't know rattle played timps . and rather well he plays them too ! :d
POS thanks . you might like my latest video about gold .
POS hahahahahahahahhahahhahhahahahhahah lololololool that would be a sight !!!
NEU also , this is all just my opinion , i do n't pretend to know facts laugh out loud ^_^ ; ;
POS 6th cool ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU i agree . this is kind of silly . yoga is fine , but for food allergies and digestion ?
NEU girl yah see yah batty ridah murda , yah mus fi wan na dj charge fa a deat !
POS i love the riddlers laugh hiff hiff hiff hiff hiff hiff
POS oh and good luck i so hope you win !!!
NEU la prostitution au pays est devenue toute une institution ... du president en passant par les soldats et fonctionaires impaye ' jusqu'aux chegue ' ... c'est triste .
NEG the song lacks the punch of neil 's quiet , ironic pronunciation . he should have sung it himself . without him , it lacks conviction .
POS i know this is my second comment but wowwwwww the way you did the remix on this and the drums and music ... this is just awsomeeeeee ... . . cant stop watching and listing to this
POS finest kind !!!!!!!
POS laugh out loud then i was second EMO_HAPPY
NEU laugh my ass off no thumbs up
NEU would the plants have to be all in one pot/bucket ? or that white bucket has dividers or something ?
POS whats the fucking songhgbsdajk.n , . vlkncxs ; nf g , its been haunting me ever since low end theory podcast 7 during his mix .
NEU bravo ... ! esa es la respuesta que estaba esperando . gracias sr. alejandro toledo . nuestro proximo presidente . aunque me encuentre lejos del peru pero sigo conectado a este por medio de mi negocito que empeze hace un ano de importaaciones de cafe . el peru tiene que seguir construyendose en la mejor via y por eso usted es lo que el peru y todos los peruanos nos merecemos ... arriba el peru y arriba nuestro proximo presidente ...
NEG terrible music .
POS hey fff love you are music what hardware were using that night looks sick
POS nice , i 'm half japanese but i 've never been . but i 'm planing on moving there to teach english communication after i get my degree .
NEU drehot118 , that was the point of his presenation . critic armond white was examining the art of this particular music video .
POS very nicely done !
NEG `` guess the book 1984 has come true ... the thought police are here ''
NEG district 9 ?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh my god that is one of the most horrible movies i have ever seen in my life the cinematography was horrible i felt like it didnt even feel like i was watching a movie the acting was bad and the plot was almost non existant
POS jake you are the nuts . lov ya rob
POS thank you for this video it has helped my with a research paper
NEG what the hell was that about ?
POS 3:42 - 3:50 rockaby and keep still cause your driving me crazy . so funny
NEG that makes no sense
NEU demcad ... could you please do a video on the vulnerability of the computers that control the north american electrical grid ?
POS nice fly . nice choice for your ring tone also !
POS this is one of the best trainings of mr. dean that i have ever seen . i really got some useful information out of this training .
POS just came across this when looking up the entrants to encounters 2008 , this is an absolutely brilliant animation !
POS haha peewee ^ - ^
NEU by looking at this review video , i would get the kingston over the intel x25m because the intel is only supreme at opening apps but if you look at the video . the difference between the kingston v + and the intel is like 1s or less . but the write speed is just way faster than the intel . do you guys agree ?
POS marlon 's voice sure did change a lot . michael 's voice is just uber cuteness .
NEU i love all the songs on this record but the production leaves alot of them sounding so flat and dead . census and headless sky are fucking killer live , but so unimpressive on the album itself .
POS nice would you do a tutorial too ? where you learn that by the way
NEU schiff for senate . buy gold through europacific precious metals
POS oh my god p7 's i cant wait till barga like
POS thanks for this i had no idea you were a local
NEU just some constructive criticism , if your going to make a vido saying how to do a certain thing , do n't say why it should be done , actually do it in the video .
NEU i figure a diggit is a poster-boy navy sailor .
NEU these rituals of making a circle around burning wood branches was done at school .
POS this is the song that made me take a second look @ diana krall . she has a classic voice . awesome , thanks for sharing this video EMO_HAPPY
NEU laugh out loud laugh out loud you stupid rob !
NEU english alphabet = 26 letterjapanese catolog of symbols = too manyhow can anyone remember all those symbols ?
NEG yeah i have slp 1 i need to take it back to him it acting up it was sitting for a while ! just finally slap on my grin force tranny ! an it idling really bad need to go whit him to see whats wrong whit ! jp performance being their with julio perez !
POS what you say is true too ! :d . she can do the simplest of dance moves and still is able to captivate everyone . she is an amazing performer :d . but my favorite is ji hyun : -RSB- lol
NEG you suck , ted .
POS so much chemistry between nat & liv even when they dont like each other . this shows how incredible a person nat is to care for someone she doesnt like . i need to follow in her footsteps .
NEU bowen predicts us will have cell phone and i-voting soon . young voters want it , public is ready to accept and trust it . but she has lingering concerns . how can cell phone voter be authenticated ? ex : thief has 100 stolen cell phones ? at least vbm has signature to inspect .
POS the malah rules
POS wow his voice made me hungry !
POS fuck i want to go to one of there shows soon
NEU emang enak ?????
NEG kenya is a big shithole !
NEU wow this is kinda wierd
NEU british intelligence had a similar problem with what your saying . they began asking themselves `` wow this stuff is working too well . ''
POS thank you for posting this , one of the most beautiful hymns . can you combine both parts into one video and upload ? sorry for asking this , but thanks .
NEU or ... you can hire copyright lawyers and try to secure rights to music , or pay to have someone score the indy film project -LRB- assuming like myself you have no personal musical talents , i could be wrong ... -RRB- or try to kiss ass and get some wanker off craigslist to score it for you with his casio keyboard in his mom 's basement . cinescore does the same thing that putting an effective and inexpensive camera in the hands of a novice does ... allows anyone to realize the dream of making an indy film .
NEG you do realize courts do n't recognize sovereign citizenship , right ? so when that creditor sues a sovereign , the court looks at that sovereign as a citizen of the united states , and accountable to its courts . so enjoy ignorance while it lasts .
NEU in mt. the bugs have to start all over every spring , 93 . f. today , no skeeters , a few bumblebees , honey bee `` s , the garden is thriving , we are more prepared than most . big broughaha brewing between county , state authorities , and the feds . , `` d.h.s. , border patrol , fusion center stuff , check out our org . lincoln county watch . org . peace
POS javascript is actually an advanced object-oriented language that has a great deal of power . with libraries like yui , dojo or gwt , a developer can build rich applications that run in your browser . the goal is not to have flashier web pages , but to start developing applications in javascript . for that reason , we can use all the speed we can get .
POS youtube fans want more video footage of jr girl slay !!!! nuff props !!
NEU not only `` green fuels `` we need more thermal de polymerization plants to turn trash into bio diesel fuel.trash is plentiful.more solar research for home use , battery cars for around town use and the only reason to actually have a need for fuel is for long distance trips .
NEU is this film inspired in part by satyajit ray 's mahanagar ?
POS hahaha it was really funny and good !!!!!! :d
NEU it would take a while ... you have more at your disposal than just the dots , and you could gear more for damage than i was ... but yeah ... it might take a while .
NEU it feels like the rythmn of the headache -LRB- the mantra -RRB-
POS justin gaberial was the first to beat a pro
NEG i dis like you alot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEG rottweilers and pit bulls excel at tearing limbs . this is when they are in their glory . this dog -LRB- being stupid , like any dog -RRB- on an instinctive level feels he is tearing limbs ; hence , he is happy .
POS not the best `` how to '' video but i think it was funny and cute so you get five stars from me . EMO_HAPPY
POS i have some good information on how to get abs on my blog check it out
NEG you dont even know your own trade gwad you suck
POS this song is for someone special in my life . i love you jp . thank you for loving me , for making me feel like i am the most beautiful woman in the world . remember , it all started at moonlight beach :--RRB-
NEU it 's funny how many people fall over on these things . they accelerate so fast compared to everything else !
NEU hey , i can get to the the part in folder options where you click show hidden files and folders , folders , and drives . but , once i click apply and go to my ipod , all the files i can find are picture files . what do you think i 'm doing wrong ?
NEG count me as someone who ca n't bear to listen to the released version , because it just sounds wrong , having heard jon brion 's orchestration giving the song a grand scale that 's reminiscent of van dyke parks ' work on the first rufus wainwright album . i wish she 'd do it live with a string section , just as a one-off .
NEG not so good
POS nice !
POS these guys are really great , a very clever song
POS congratulations guys on your 1 year anniversary!anyone one that enjoys indian cuisine has to experience the culinary delights that await them at zeera by the bay.what the mayor said is absolutely true , they make you feel like family , oh and try the fish !
POS thanks
NEU ahhhhh everyones copin that aaron spears ride to hi hat lick
POS i like this film already -LRB- : thanks !
NEG if you were raised without the ability to question and challenge intelligently what you see on tv , then this video will feel like home . the most dangerous and highly addictive drug on this planet is right there in our sitting rooms . we tune in , open a can of stella and phase out . . the orwellian nightmare is real and the media play a major role . like this video it uses sentimental music , platitudes and solgans to whip up emotions . . and it works . truth is out there if you take the time to look .
POS deepa 's not bad , but i wish shreya had come : -LRB- his expressions are really cute in this ... haha
POS i love you
POS the majority of people are going to need and go out and practice how to orienteer from one point to another and practice getting to places tehy can not see using a compass .
POS hahahahaha.omfg.that was amazing.nice job , sukka . :d
POS gracias = dd
NEU i know he did n't say that gp2 cars are slower , i 'm saying that in my opinion i think the gp2 cars are more like f1 cars then the f3 cars as i 've seen them both styled and perform like f1 .
NEU boa pergunta , vcs ten que fazer alguns videos sobre nos que somos casados com europeos e queremos morai ai
NEU this is a good video but you need to stop pausing as it can get a bit boring .
NEG its all about religion . satan is king and ruler of this earth . and while satan is here on earth , he wants to gather his army . and he will do this by influencing people to stray away from god as far as possible . this is where the illuminati come
POS is this based off one of her books ? this is probably one of the most fascinating things i have heard in awhile and one of the most fascinating things that she has talked about on here . i 'd like to read about it more in depth .
NEU pushat raps like gfk and malice like rae
POS this song combines several goodness together . better than some other peoples videos .
POS hey - best ha tribute ever !
NEU where is your web site located mike ?
NEU hey nutnfancy , just had a quick question . the difference between the r2 and the r5 i know is the looms . what makes the difference ? is it just the bulb housing ? if so , every flashlight comes out with new ones so for people that own the r2 vs the r5 is it stupid to go out and buy an r5 if the only thing that makes a difference is the head ?
NEU are you from israel ?
NEU what about a situation where in 5 minutse a superintelligent ai helps your consciousness - using the existing atoms in the brain - to convert the matter to a more synthetic substrate , all the while you remain conscious of the situation occurring , and the same pattern exists , just shifted in terms of substrate pattern only . it seems to me massimo does n't want to accept identity can be a digital entity -LRB- therefore copyable -RRB- as much as any computer program is a digital entity .
NEU respect the vest , do n't make take out my hose fucking genius mazuka !
NEU i love when she kills the police and also tries to kill srk . she loooks pretty here
NEG you must be a male-hating feminist , or a self-hating man .
NEU there 's three seasons ? i thought there as 2 ?
NEU best part : minnie decks the cop xd
NEG what if kratos and chuck norris had a baby ? d : bye bye existence EMO_HAPPY
NEG mauldin is an idiot . if he knew his head from his a ** he would have written a b ook before the collapse and predicted it instead of writing some stupid boo that wont tell you jack . maudlin is a snake oil sellsman like many others in the media .
POS good !
POS but after all : a krupnik is a krupnik ! is it a krupnik ... -LRB- 1:58 -RRB- i have no clue what morticia means , but it 's hilarious how she says it EMO_HAPPY
NEU whats the website ??
POS wonderful ! if you love sets of earrings and bracelets check out the donnaliza collection - it 's affordable and looks real ! just search donnaliza on google and youll find it .
POS when will there be a sequel ? are there any other films by this director ?
POS thank you !!! that is so nice of you . good luck and keep feeding those kids -LRB- and you too -RRB- excellent foods ! it might make the teen years a little easier ... teehee .
NEU was that melissa joan heart singing one way or another in the clip where matt gets in trouble in class ?
NEG she lost 70 pounds and then got murdered ? that sux .
POS the shoes are to die for !
NEG are you fucking stupid delivering a fucking baby is a dangerous thing.thats why it takes a person 8 years to be trained to deliver a baby . you really do n't know what the fuck you are talking about . please do n't procreate kill yourself because yo
POS teehee bunnies :d
NEG gaayy boy
NEG emulating kartel 's flow , so obvious
POS you two remind me of my girlfriend and i. . . lol
POS i baught the lone gunmen complete series on dvd i got it on amazon
POS nice
POS really excellent - it is beautifully put together in a matter of fact , demonstration of the simple steps towards creating a simple sculpture . you have a marvellous talent ricardo - you deserve even greater success .
NEU specs makes it degrade faster so thats y its not a bad idea to use it straight no whip neccesary
POS hey lee welcome `` back '' great to see the dynamic duo back together hope you are better ...
POS wow ! maravilloso !
POS what is it with you snogging alpaco 's & licking goats , laugh out loud
POS whatever the democrats problems , the fact of the matter is their are still good democrats & it 's time for the public to educate themselves away from the obama hate ads -LRB- who do you think pays the millions for those ads ? -RRB- on tv & youtube and l
NEU would that be the house with the smoking gun barrel sticking out of the window ?
POS merry christmas
NEG this song reminds me of my cuzin EMO_HAPPY
NEU did n't burt ward due a soft core porn for penthouse some years ago ?
POS wait ! haji knows how to sing and dance !? o __ o
POS bravo !!!
POS update one the afore mentioned goodies ?
NEG
POS do n't question wcw ; it was the greatest wrestling promotion of all time
POS best feel good live band on the planet !! ive seen em all , but these leave me with cheesy grin fever . . see em !
NEU 6th
POS awesome !!!
POS very nice product !! you probably have a movie theater at your desk laugh out loud and great review !! keep it up
NEG the economy was doing quite well when g.w. bush took over and the economy tanked just as he was leaving office , but it happened because of `` liberals over regulation of the markets '' ???
NEU yeah , true . but i ca n't find any recent videos of kaku .
NEU intro to rocks & minerals
NEG stale
POS lol .
POS i do too , i wish people realized it . . thank you so much . . < 33
NEU ?? lol ?? -LSB- :
NEG fishbowl is much more effective then whse . whse sucks !
NEG fucker
POS brilliant !
POS oh yall are sexy
NEU can definately see the resemblance
NEU yeah its so easy because pushing n changes the song
NEU portable gps , headrest dvd player , alarms , gps , video , audio , leather interiors , upholstery and more !!!!
NEU the annotation saying `` sarcasm :\ '' in relation to the first annotation actually comes up whilst you are saying something sarcastic in the video ...
NEG 18 people missed the like button ...
NEG you are absolutely right ! wtf ????
POS i came to see you guys last year and i was so overwhelmed with the beauty of the sound you created ! your music is inspiring whether it be heard on the southbank on a sunny saturday or in a concert hall . good luck guys xxxx
NEU
NEU is the household model in use anywhere in new hampshire ?
POS hot damn
NEG what ?
POS i agree . this is my fav episode of nuke 's .
POS i think we all need to join together and crank up the volume at the same time while that song is being played to spread the word to the world to be quiet.great clip ... very clever !
POS very patient and clear explanation with just the right amount of hand-waving EMO_HAPPY
POS i wan na go on a date with ryuu too hahahahah he so cute
POS it totally does !
POS amazing youve really made that your own love it ! x
POS man , that was awesome !
NEU safe dave !
POS ahhh yes - the vobes show - very entertaining .
NEU how can i get a hold of your team . we need to speak .
POS the mariachis would serenade , and they would not shut up till they were paid -LSB- ... -RSB- in that moment of truth i suddenly knewthat someone had stolen my wallet.very funny !! EMO_HAPPY
POS ookamishiranui1 -
NEU i wonder if pd and peri were shot dead , in the whoniverse , would the doctor still have regenerated into cb ? or are time lord fors coincdnetal on what they look like ? i heard some time lords can choose their form . the rani & romana could . and it cant just be a female trait , because the 2 2nd doc was given the oppurtunity to choose his new form . speaking of romanas regen , why did romana regenerate ?
POS i grew up in boulmer and know main and john really well . remember watching this on tv and it still brings back great memories of being a kid and going down to greet the fishermen as they came home .
POS thanks for the support !
NEG i hate the x factor , the people who go on it have no talent or orininality , they do n't right their own songs , and the only reason that one of them wins is because they have some sob story to try and win the voters over . i bet that he will be working in b & q by about 2013 . simon cowell is not a music fan as all of the people he has helped to create have no talent and last for about a week and a half . simon cowell is killing music and creativity and turning us into zombies by force feeding us shit .
POS love your description !
POS they are doing what we would call kendo , based on kenjutsu . it is called `` way of the sword '' and its used to practice swordsmanship and form . they however are most likely using `` kenjutsu '' as this films era predates kendos creation
POS best pizzas haha
NEG are those people seriously going to threat mutants like that ?!? i mean , they should know that the mutants can kick their ass and kill them in 30 seconds , but their too nice to do that !!!
POS i watched this while playing aasim god wit the flow at the same timethat shit went hard
POS lol , fire is hot .
POS great video i love this song i heard it on oth in an lp scene EMO_HAPPY
POS rickie , you are so inspiring ! this video never fails to help me find one more ounce of energy and joy after a long day of work .
POS thank you herve , your work has made my day ! bravo !
POS good job on the editing :d , also looks like a fun server i might check it out when im not busy adding new models to mine -LRB- just finished up spirit shields :d -RRB-
NEG `` where were the suicide pilots from ? where is bin laden from ? where is the wahhabist philosophy that inspires these people from ? '' where are almost all terrorists from ? the middle east , right ? and where are the coalition troops ? the middle east , right ? it 's time you started thinking of the entire area rather then specific countries . the whole place is riddled with nutcases , and with just a little more time and prodding you might have eventually arrived at that conclusion on your own .
NEG smoker - mainland britain consists of england , scotland and wales so it is possible.why did n't bush and blair sort out how to achieve democracy before invading iraq?it could have saved up to 650,000 lives .
NEG hmmm ... the guy who took it with his government is now the number one terrorist . everyone who take these question with the government , hands up on american terror list , just as any anyone who shakes hands with rumsfeld in middle east , becomes a terrorist , a few years later . > > > > so are you saying they 're ` regular ' muslims ?
NEG yes , let 's not forget that there are 2 people on the flight deck on this aircraft and the co-pilot would also have had his hands full doing his part . i get so annoyed when they only ever refer to the ` hero pilot ' . it is remarkable that there were no casualties and for this we must all be very thankful . on a different tack , i can just see the lawyers rubbing their hands in glee for the broken finger nail damages etc. watch this space for the law suits ... ... guaranteed
NEG he 's a religious fanatic which is worse than your average cretin .
NEU who ` s got it then ... ?
NEU where did they live ? where i live there 's quite a few people with st georges flag outside the house .
NEG i 'll cancel those binoculars i ordered .
NEU well yes i do . there were many who lived under nazi occupation who strongly supported joe stalin . in occupied holland for example it was the communists who organised the hiding and escape of jews . in britain in 1941 `` uncle joe '' would have come third in a popularity contest behind churchill and king george vi and ahead of roosevelt , who said nice things but had n't actually provided any troops yet . and of course there were millions of decent men and women in the 1920s and 30s who looked to communism as a better way than the economic system they had to live under . so a blanket kneejerk condemnation is simplistic . nice try grant , but that was not the question asked . so - `` you will readily denounce pinochet , somoza the shah of iran - to name but three ? and those who supported them ? '' as to democracy , we can discuss what democracy means after you 've cleared up this little matter .
NEG cheddi on what grounds should israel give up its jewish status just to make the arabs happy . do you think that if jews said we want to all live in saudi arabia so we want it to change its stauts as a muslim state and become a democratic one for all after all the jews are living in the same part of the world are they not just because your naighbor wants something and is using violence to try and get it you should change your national identity to keep the enemy happy either the enemy is willing to accept reality using diplomacy or they want to use violence so you use violence back and crush them but you dont just say i give up i am going to give up my identity so you can be happy . the arabs can give up terror , accept the only option avalible is 2 states based -LRB- not exactly -RRB- on the 1949 ceacefire borders but if they use terror they dont get 2 states and they dont get israel to agree to give up its status as a jewish state . no organistion like the un or country us included can make israel change its stauts its never going to be anything but an arab fantasy
NEG = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = ** do you think one of those radioactive martian rocks might strike you in your garden as you frolic with your poochies ? now , that would be a terrible loss for the world , and what on earth would your poochies do ? have you made a will to establish for their care after your passing bertie ?
NEU tao , could you explain your comment about my `` special links '' please ?
NEG just seen on tv the results of the latest drone missile strike on `` tribesmen '' . it included some stretcher cases being taken into a hospital . its very interesting to look at the footwear of those on the stretchers . combat boots ?
NEG arafat launched the intifada ? all this youngster  s on the streets , brainwashed and `` launched '' by arafat ? isn  t it possible that many palestinians  s did not get their share of `` peace and security '' and therefore decided to protest against that without permission from arafat ?
NEG i 'm surprised that they found things better in spain and the uk , but there we go . david , as you know , zidane has faced enormous and shameful levels of bigotry in france .
NEU <ahref=""> the idf have finished their report , and have found that there is no way that the idf had any involvement with the explosion on the gaza beach which killed 8 people . will the media publish a retraction of their assumption that israel was responsible ? will hamas apologise for their retaliations ?
NEG `` the nazi 's did n't even want jews as a workforce ... during a war . they wanted all jews dead . quite frankly i doubt you 've ever been to the south because your comments show a lot of ignorance about the region . now if a white person brutally murders a person of any race in any state in the south they are prosecuted and usually sentenced to death '' not usually by any means the number of blacks as opposed to whites sentenced to death even for the same crimes is disproportionate . whenever a shortcomingof the us is ever pointed out its appeasers and defenders always try and justify it by some idiotic reference to conditions in kazakhstan or outer mongolia , as if that is the moral compass . and of course kazahkstan etc do not claim to be paradises of tolerance and human rights . in this case the fact the pupil felt he had to ask permission to sit under a certain tree in his own country is appalling enough . one wonders what similar incidents go unreported . one remembers that wounded black female soldier who openly wondered why her own combat story was soemhow less interesting then the very white jessica lynch . it is also legitimate to ask if other symbols had been hung on the tree would they have equally been dismissed as a `` prank '' .
NEG > but to charge that black victims were deliberately ignored just shows ignorance of the true issues and facts . < that is what most blacks are saying . but of course , whitey knows best in how your n -LRB- word -RRB- feel and think . oh how times have n't changed .
NEG sarah , bush is doing what he does  cos : 1 -RRB- oil , nothing new there 2 -RRB- ego , he thinks - like his mum - that he is teh `` choosen '' one russia , china will never go to war with iran ; russia because it doesn  t - opposite to the us - want to play a dominate role in the me ; china ; well their old-fashioned ; if they need oil , they just pay for it .
NEG and from the previous week . again - it is ` funny ' that the only time the mods bother to close such threads is when i begin a counter thread on islamic terror ... . evidenced by the fact that i could still post here . dont worry mods - i am going to bother to retrieve more of albert 's spam . the point has been made .
NEG the poem is clearly similar sentiments to those held by jingly . he after all did say that tens of thousands of dead palestinians would n't be such a bad thing . <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes"> sick & twisted , boy i wish this board was un modderated .
NEG i think the former british ambassador to the us was probably close to the mark when he said blair was almost drunk with the adulation he recieved in america and his ego was thoroughly massaged . and like all politicians they are obsessed with their so called legacy . he 's got his alright .
POS so which is it ?! democracy or dictatorships or both ?! ----------- both for different reasons .
NEG maybe they did , maybe they did n't quite frankly in the face of the mass aggression of the idf , defacating in palestinian homes , using children as human sheilds , the blatant use of wp as a weapon , rabbi 's telling soldiers they are fighting for god , admitting orders to shooting innocents , orthodox jews , amongst others watching the destruction from the `` hill of shame '' , cheering the kiling of innocents , i think you , * rosie * should hang your little confused flag waving brain out to dry .
NEG that does not excuse the murder of women and children by chemical weapons . do n't forget that iraq started the war by invading kuwait and taking people hostage to use as human shields .
NEG the scots took a bribe to join with england . they valued money over their independence . practical and pragmatic .
NEU can i ask what any of this has to do with `` ugly betty '' or the ugly dog contest ? also you havent answered my question about what exactly you find wrong with the message of `` ugly betty '' - ie its not what you look like on the outside that is important but what you look like on the inside .
NEG / / so now , like muslims , i get accused of moral torpor for failing to state the bleeding obvious . / / well , it would be nice , once in a while , if the obvious were stated . nice identification sense of victimhood , though . / / you have no right to presume that i have no sympathy or concern for victims of rape or sexual assault . / / / / well i 'm not going to say it . / / why , does it require the qualification that other cultures might hold a different view and that we should temper our horror with understanding ?
NEU did i say that martyrdom operations were firework displays ? not even by implication . try again . reach for the skys mate .
NEG wendy as one who condones terrorist acts aropund the world with the flimsiest of excuses about it all being the fault of america , perhaps you could explain to us all why there are now terrorist acxts in india has it become the newest of the united states , without telling anyone is that why terrorists have acted within its boundaries
NEG the united states and germany each played host to mohammed atta . in fact , in the us he enrolled in a military college -LRB- thompson , harpercollins , 2004 -RRB- as did many of his colleagues . britain had allowed haroon rashid aswat to travel undeterred , and even after it was discovered that he had exchanged phone calls with mohammed sidique khan prior to 7/7 , after then moving onto south africa . should these aforementioned countries also experience aerial attacks for allowing these terrorists free movement ?
NEG its true . you are an especially vicious person . oh yes it is you ignorant fool .
NEU relax blobber . saddam 's dead , stop worrying.he ca n't harm you anymore . could n't harm me anyway , he was a sad old pensioner .
NEU shows what a diverse and open society it is . there 's a little bit of every arab country in israel aswell . makes you proud douse n't it ? tell us about citizenship rights in the arab or muslim world .
NEU / / swimmer michael phelps was the ` man of the games ' . / / `` well , how can he not be , with 8 golds and 6 wrs ... ?!! usain bolt was a mere bagatelle compared with that . '' phelps is the best swimmer in the world but usain bolt 's finish in the 100m will live long in the memory , just as bob beamon 's incredible leap did in 1968 . running is superior to swimming because humans can run faster than they can swim.if phelps could swim 100m in less than 9.69 seconds then he 'd be better than bolt .
NEG how about ignoring them because the president of argentina is not a crazy religious nutcase , and argentina , unlike iran , is an ally of the us ? tony , sometimes i wonder if you 're a few fruitcakes short of a lib-dem party conference !
NEU simcha 1 -RRB- can you tell me where are the israeli soilders in iraq and afghanistan < < < mossad is behind them all . 2 -RRB- there is no such place as palestine this name the romans gave to the kingdom of israel < < < it costs you nothing to dream in those ancient and vanished days ! wake up ! we are living in 2006 and not 2 thousand years back !!!!
NEG there does n't seem to be anything to disagree with unless i can be bothered to do research of my own . the figures about ricketts are interesting , i believe the problem is that there is hardly any vitamin d in a diet from the sub-continent , the inhabitants getting all they need from the sunlight . consequently if you do not adjust your diet accordingly you will suffer . all the conclusions drawn from the information are surely hypothetical and i am afraid i can not really be to get involved in nit-picking about the conclusions .
NEG suicide rates among us soldiers are heading for a record high.eighty-nine suicides were confirmed in 2007 . army suicide rates have risen coinciding with the us-led military action in iraq and afghanistan . spending a lot of time in stressful war zones is not good for mental health . <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 2/hi / ... </a>
POS i thought there would n't be any more starwars sequels or pre-quels . lol . how about instead of starwars , we just do starbucks ? oh wait , that 's already done .
NEG oh well that 's the best way . get the troops that saved your neck close to children and blow them all up . of course you could make the children suicide bombers like they did in israel . sort of kill two birds with stone because you could still blame the americans . yep . i 'm convinced islam is a religion of peace . a long peace for anybody who they do n't like .
NEG and why should n't they scream blue murder ? when you see jacka $ $ es like bush spew out invectives about us being a shining light for freedom across the globe and then falls way short of those ideals , should n't people speak up ? you obviously wont .
NEG the irony of it all is that whilst the west looks to impose democracy on the east by bringing it out from its draconian measues and social systems , it itself is pushing through legislation which is considered draconian and is vehemently opposed by all human rights and freedom of speech groups . somebody obviously seems to have come to a conclusion that there is only one system of social administration that is acceptable and that the both east and west arent there yet . surely the land and its people should have the right to decide what laws they wish to govern their land by and if so let the muslims lands follow shariah law and let america follow democracy . why the constant to force others to do how you want them to behave . and can the anti-islamists please not jump on this and say that it is the muslims who impose themselves on the west as we that response is getting ridiculous .
NEG hey - i thought you were on the side of the sunni supereamists - the ones that also want to wipe the shia off the face of the earth . how come you are popping up here defending the mad leader of iran ? is it in the hope that he will lead his innocent people into destruction ?
NEG as long as the cigar man clinton does not get the slot . not that mr.annon has any intention of stepping down .
NEG they do n't have the mental stamina to play a game over five days , or the alcohol tolerance to sit and watch for so long whilst drinking continuously
NEG the report has not been released yet , so i wonder if you know if you need to attack it yet ? . .
NEG hitler you claim loathed it though it served his needs in the vatican but we have to accept plenty of christians joined hitler in his ` crusade ' and we should not forget the jewish collaborators . `` fripono you really hav n't got a clue , have you , azania ? hitler loathed the christian church . it was tolerated , as long as clergy toed the national socialist party line . any clergy -LRB- such as the courageous bonhoeffer -RRB- who criticised nazism were persecuted . a great many were executed . ''
NEG interesting that it is the ex-pat vote that will probably turn this one around . are they all berlusconi refugees -LRB- possibly - i 'd have got out as quick as i could out of sheer embarrassment -RRB- or are they the sort who could n't care less what sort of chaos the old country goes through once they have pulled their own ladder up ?
NEU of civilization nows supplies the world with cab drivers .
POS give it time .
NEG is the brown recluse in europe ? now that is a nasty little spider . not sure which is worse the poison it has that can eat away your flesh or a plain killing poison of the widow . both can outright cause death , but that flesh eating property of the recluse ... ugg .
NEU actually its not just 72 virgins , but the actual quote from the koran -LRB- chapter 56:17 -23 and 76:19 -RRB- also adds unlimited catamites . this puts an interesting spin on the islamic view of homosexulity .
NEU why then post the following : message 66 - posted by colonelartist ** , 20 minutes ago and if i were on the plane i would have negotiated a deal with the hijackers , given a factual report of what was going on the plane and whereabouts of the two pilots , and would have kept an eye on the f16s . and its only obvious to the assumptions of those who assume that plane was on its way to kill more people .
NEG was there any other evidence other than his confession ? the report does n't make it clear .
NEG again with the paternalism . venezuelans , cute little beach combing , coffee drinking , mango eating people that they are just can not make decisions like launching a coup without the serious leadership from the us . there is absolutely no proof the us was involved in the very poorly organized coup . chavez spouts on about it to distract the world from the fact he is slowly tearing down every vestige of democracy in that oil rich nation .
NEG `` i do n't think you got my point grant , the japanese people who are still alive and who remember the nuclear bomb which was dropped , actually are worried about the us not iran . '' for all that some japanese still resent -LRB- probably justifiably -RRB- the actions of the us at the end of the second world war , i 'm not sure there is widespread -LRB- if any -RRB- worry about the us militarily at the moment -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- . there are worries about north korea and to a certai extent russia , but i 'd be interested to hear where you got the idea that they are worried about the us ?
NEG yep the whole world is going down the pan
NEG the story illustrates the futility of paying ransomes for kidnappings , as it only encourages more listen to the talibans response to a previous deal
NEG fair enough . i think the bbc wanted an actual debate , with real facts and stuff , but that 's ok . if the idea is just to make up the most vicious racial and religious hatred , then lets go for it . i 'll start . could one of the scholars of arabic culture on the board explain to the rest of us what the old arab proverb `` a woman for duty , a boy for pleasure , a melon for ecstasy '' means ? is it based on something in koran ?
NEG answer me why was it allowed to happen ? how come `` the allies '' as you call them have not been vocal ? i have n't seen bliar on tv talking about this torture that has been going on uder their watch . i have n't heard the `` cretin '' rail against it either . why the deafening silence ? it shows the duplicity of `` the allies '' .
NEG who would the `` usual subjects '' be then ? what name calling ?
NEG both sides are totally out of control . we need a de-militarised zone controlled by the un . israel is now an aperthied state with pass laws and palestine is in the hands of islamofascists , it 's a total mess .
NEG france did n't become the 4th largest economy on earth by playing fair !
NEG sunnis and shias ca n't even live in peace in a one nation iraq !!!
NEG you can here them in the vatican going , `` see i told you so ! and you wanted birth control ! ''
NEG i do not see how a single poor lawyer in a nation of 296 million people can effectively discredit its entire legal system . you do not even say how the judge and the jury in this case reacted to the statement .
NEU what , you mean as opposed to have been led by the same family for the better part of a millenia ?
NEG wendyman oh i see . so if i put a sword to your head and ask you if you 'd like to either convert or have your head chopped off you 'd be making a free choice ? thanks for making that clear .
NEU northern ireland or bask regions would be more appropriate examples . i do n't agree that `` the central government is obliged to grant a degree of autonomy - or in the last resort let it go '' to any group that requires so .
NEG i think we can all agree that it is israel and it 's supporters who have a problem with the facts , as we have all seen on these mb 's . and rejecting terroism does not upset me at all . i think we all should , where ever it comes from . however. , what i find rather ironic is this same person would have been called a terrorist by that same judafacist mouth piece , only last week . but today , he is some they can use for thier propaganda .
NEG the joint-authors of that recent paper that criticised israel , they couldnt find a publisher in usa for their paper . had to use a british publisher . the big donator of the belfer chair -LRB- one of the professors chairs -RRB- is an american jew who ran exxon or whatever . he has phoned to insist no publicity with his uni position is used in the promotion of the paper .
NEG really odd . i 'm sure he/she/it slipped up a while back and said they were in pakistan . do we know what part of scandanavia it is ?
NEG o true believers , contract not an intimate friendship with any besides yourselves : they will not fail to corrupt you . they wish for that which may cause you to perish : their hatred hath already appeared from out of their mouths ; but what their breasts conceal is yet more inveterate . we have already shown you signs of their ill will towards you , if ye understand . '' -LRB- the family of imran - verse 118 -RRB- . '' look around you , whichever muslim country contact the west , it is doomed ... their wish to is that muslims just perish ... its so ovbious ... . the signs were shown and the signs are still shown ...
NEG `` he will be blaming him for the death of the dinosaurs next . '' you mean the dinosaurs are dead , all of them ? cheney probably shot them .
NEU manchester me , > > > if we europeans can be big enough to stand up and make ourselves heard in the face of wrongdoing , what is your excuse ? < < < that 's just the point : can you ?
NEG in the fifties and installed the puppet shah with help of stormin normans daddy ... schwartskopf senior . cia and sis inspired `` communist '' infiltrators financed by britain and usa were used as an excuse to depose the democratic govt of mossadeq has the time come for the west to resort to similar tactics . ? would they succeed today ? will israel be used by the west to deliver the hammer blow to irans nuclear plans ? sfc so many questions . . bird flu as well ...
NEG i believe he 's on his way to washington for a chat before heading to barbados for a well earned rest . hopefully he might have a word with dubya concerning the use of prestwick airport as a stop off for israel-bound weapons . it does n't really send the right message when a country can provide both humanitarian aid for the lebanese people , and a resting point for the bombs that will probably blast them into next year .
POS hillary has a long history of supporting women and children 's rights . she has a long history of supporting a woman 's right to choose . she has been a longtime advocate of universal healthcare and has a longtime committment to civil rights . i think these things are illustrative of some inner convictions . as for obama , i 'm not sure we really know enough about him yet . he does seem dedicated to public service however , giving up the chance to work on wall street to community organize in chicago . he 's also been consistently pro-choice , pro-gay rights . mitt romney changed his views on gay rights , abortion , gun control and immigration just in time to run for the republican nomination . all politicians change from time to time , evolve their positions and take account of changing circumstances . however the sheer brazeness of romney 's flip flopping was something to behold .
POS very true itstoppedraining . but i guess you would not remove their right to choose , just because they made a choice you did n't like ? andy
POS mind you that was ` cos they all fancied you .
POS `` see how well we 're getting on and all you had to do was remove your army from my country ! a lesson there i think '' whatever country you are in ... im sure china will rush to your side should you ever need assistance . same with food and medicine . dont forget we are stopping all aid too , in this little scenario .
NEG yes . that baffles me , too . i can only suppose it 's something personal - between the usa and castro . seems a bit petty .
NEU try telling that to the irish .
NEG ` it 's all very well sitting in a comfortable middle class existence in surbiton and criticizing the slow extinction of what is actually a competitor with human beings ' a very narrow view . ecosystem health is the sign of a healthy plant . life is more than a utilitarian batttle for survival .
NEG `` i like a good scrap as much as anybody but i 'm damned if i want my country to be your bitch , so i suggest you go it alone on a few wars and see how it goes while we save a few quid for a change . you owe us a lot of blood and i 'm not too worried about you paying up '' . well you 've got your chance to go it alone against the iranians , big ob , but my feeling is you 'll continue the ` diplomacy ' angle until the americans take charge . the americans owe you a lot of blood ?? you must be another one of those goofy brits born after 1970 who have never heard of world wars l or ll , or the hundreds of thousands of americans buried in european graves . for years europeans have been whining about the americans claiming they won these wars exclusively , a lie but who cares . now the europeans are in one minor skirmish , with the americans forming the major thrust , and they 're already crying about `` you owe us a lot of blood '' . what a bunch of immature babies you 've become . the women over there have more balls than you , and the iranians certainly know it .
NEG i think kasparov was done.but it was only a matter of time before computers win.they will take over the world some day.i 'm off to the moon when that happens .
NEG its only logical that diplomats should have imunity they are after all not there as individuals they are their to represent their countries government how can you expect politcal business to take place if the diplomats are scared to go to meetings abroad your going to limit diplomacy to the telephone . diplomats are already exempt from customs checks , their lugage can not be searched , they can carry weapons or have armed gaurds so they are not like ordinary individuals . what would happen if somebody in maybe france or russia managed to get a judge to issue a warrnet for the arrest of bush and blair because they belived that what happened in iraq was war crimes what would happen 2 of the most powerfull men in the world couldnt go to france or russia to discuss diplomatic business private individuals fine issue warents and they can be arrested no get out clause but if your talking about diplomats your getting inton dangerous territory .
NEG ' a hamas minefield ! can you prove that it was an israeli miss or that there was any intention to murder anyone ? ' rubbu ish the bbc were there and they incident was reported extensively and investigated by the un . + + + + + + big deal !!!! now , did the bbc say that it was an israeli missile that killed people on the beach ? no ! all they reported was that it was a claim by the palestinians and refuted by israel . same thing with un . in fact un did not investigate it . it was a human rights activist . you ca n't even get basic facts right !!! i am not sure i can believe any of your claims . `` last time i looked in gaza water is still being redirected away from palestinian territories '' + + + + + last time we all looked at the photos of lauren booth in gaza we saw the moist amazing , well-watered lush , green , abundant gardens . where did that water come from again ?
NEG < < < < does oil mix with water even though you stir them continously > > > > oh yeah , the racist bnp type analogies start coming out now . whats next ? `` is a dog born in a stable , a horse ? '' blah blah blah ...
NEG probably by annexing a large chunk of the west bank and redesignating most of jerusalem as a jewish city and evicting the arabs from those districts . would any sensible arab trust the present israeli leadership ?
NEG not at all . read my previous posts in this thread to see at what i was actually alluding .
NEG who said the war was about oil ? the lonney-left , not bush . who said that it was fought in the name of christianity ? the looney-left , not bush . etc , etc , etc. .
NEG as a photographer i 'm very much aware that most images in the media have been paid for . is it known if nbc are taking payment from printed media and tv companies for the video and photos ?
NEG about the emigration of jewish people from europe to british mandated palestine after ww2 . it was british policy to restrict that emigration , and some 49 ships carrying 66,000 jewish people were boarded by the royal navy , and the passengers taken to internment camps on cyprus . <ahref="">
NEG grant , the point is i have n't had an answer . you declined to talk about the spanish civil war when i had n't even asked you to . i asked you to comment on the us entering into a military alliance with fascist spain in the early 50s . in fact in summarising our debate over mc carthyism it is clear that your argument is hypocritical and full of holes . you 've made a statement along the lines of , ` we should be vigilant against fascism and communism ' . well the us govt . certainly was n't . i 've already pointed that the the us admin . worked with fascists in greece , italy and spain -LRB- as well as a host of murderous dictatorial regimes across the globe -RRB- . yet you build an argument around the need to protect ` freedom ' . this is utterly hypocritical . the us , during the mc carthy period was hounding people they believed were communists , or used to be , or knew somebody who was , or thought they knew somebody or was etc etc. all in the name of ` freedom ' . but who were the kind of people being hounded ? i would never join the chat post but am more than aware of how many of their members have rallied to progressiove causes . in britain who was it who stood in the front line when the british union of fascists tried to drive out the jews ? the cp . and who was it who fought against and suffered under the nazis in germany ? and what would nelson mandela say ? imprisoned for 27 years , who was it in the front line against the vile apartheid regime ? the cp . whilst the us on the other hand were happy to work with the regime in the military conflict in angola . the truth is mc carthyism has nothing to do with preventing mass murder by stalinism and everything to do with denying freedom in the us itself . you say you are for trade union freedom but mc carthyism amounted to hounding union officials out of jobs and sacking people for not signing ` loyalty oaths ' . the kind of unionism you favour is compliant unionism , the tame variety that does fight for members interests . this is what mc carthyism was all about . talking about freedom whilst dealing with fascists . hounding people who the most likely to rally for freedom of black people in the usa and south africa . a final point about islam . again you spout hypocrisy on this issue . for years the us has used saudi arabia as a client state in its dealings in the oil rich middle east . yet this alliance has spawned the likes of bin laden , the irony is presumably lost on you . so let 's have no more of this hypocritical posturing on the need to fight for freedom .
NEG sorry , i meant septmeber 11th . then the bali attacks were on october 12th . ca n't see a pattern ?! i 'll spell it out for you 1 year later 1 month later 1 day later
NEG the people are not interested in education ? that 's what i would expect someone who ` thinks ' a religion is a substitute for an ` education ' would say . it is not , and it never has been . this is an identity that your country has n't even been able to deduce for itself , so again colonelartist , you are just over projecting too . let 's just assume you are right , and these poor little country bumpkins have no ambitions in life beyond their stations as peasants -LRB- abhorrent and wrong - but an assumption none the less -RRB- . this is dear to you , the thought of simplicity , the thought of ` nothing do ... ing ' , and the thought of not having opportunities presented and within arms reach of people . you would force them onto this path , you would keep them on it , warning them of the dangers that await them should they be tempted by satan and all his devices -LRB- like i said , religion is n't an education -RRB- . fine ! have it your way . but we 'll still build that road . we 'll still build that school , and we 'll still pipe in that water and deliver sanitation . and when it 's within arms reach - they 'll take that road whether you like it or not colonelartist . you did , and you probably rail at that personal choice you made in your live -LRB- feeling it 's a dishonour to your simple view of islam -RRB- . but do n't presume that others share your spirits or tempers . quite simply - you ca n't stop it . more and more and more educated women are coming to wider islam , and more and more and more of them will be offered the chances to stop acting like the `` oppressed '' . and when those coins begin to drop everywhere , the grip of religious extremism is loosened never to return to total control and domination , which is all it 's really concerned about anyway . your sense ` norm ' is well understood by us , and the thing about it - it 's old , it 's out of date , it 's retiring . i 'll give it 50 years max . say bye , bye now ...
NEG russia is courting the me governments with the idea of forming a natural gas cartel , similar to opec . `` european union leaders have said they would stand against any effort by russia to create such a cartel , fearing gas prices -- and russia 's political clout -- could rise dramatically as a result . europe gets 44 percent of its natural gas imports from russia . '' <ahref=""> with russia already supplying nuclear technology / arms to iran and others in the me could this be ` the deal with the devil '' that putin is looking for . control of natural gas would cripple europe .
NEG everything is the fault of `` the west '' and america according to some . saddam is in power committing mass geoncide - the wests fault saddam is removed from power and muslims start killing each other in widespread sectarian violence - the wests fault ca n't the islamic world do anything for themselves ? ------------------------------------------------- everything is the west faults , you are right . mass genocide ? which mass genocides ? all that he was hanged for was killing of 148 shias ... the rest is all a myth ... since he wasnt put on trial for those so called mass genocides ... maybe the west realised that they didnt after all have any evidence , or the evidence they had for those so called mass genocide was as wrong as the evidece of wmd ... you are left with speculations now , and speculations are just speculations ... and the benefit of the doubt goes to sadam since unlike his invaders he didnt lie ...
NEG how dare we vote for them ! i mean , what kind of countries are these ? democracies ? perhaps we should all vote for who the left tells us to !
NEG johnny m and gavinuk2 , perhaps you could explain a couple of points . if nazism was socialist why was hitler financed by capitalists and why was pre-hitler germany characterised by battles between nazis and communists ? and why were socialists and communists rounded up by hitler , thereby becoming his first victims ? and why did stalin attempt to annhialate any bolshevik who participated in the 1917 revolution ? in other words why was the stalinist model , later copied by other states , built upon brutal repression of socialists ? ps . have noted two long contributions , fec and gavin , will try to read later .
NEG `` not nearly as likely in the uk as the u.s. , '' according to you , you still have n't posted those percentages . now you are comparing all crimes , again with no figures cited .
NEG shy talk - and so you thought < < `` arab denoted race and `` palestinians '' denoted nationality . sorry they are arabs and not yet a nation .
NEG / / what do you know about dresden ? / / it may have been unecessary as the war was more or less won.there is no equivalence here as the palestinians are still fighting for their survival .
NEG thu , 25 sep 2008 18:39 gmt , in reply to rittaq in message 35 my mistake i should have typed relaunch .
POS falkenburg thanks sounds like a good idea .
NEG < < when you talk about the jews having been ` kicked out ' of israel , are you talking about ancient history ? because it is mad ! before the jews were there , somebody else was there and so on , back into the mists of time . > > these people who were there before the jews , who were they ? , where are they now ? . and what evidence do can you adduce to support the claims of whosoever you bring forward in support of your argument ? . < < once again , do you have the same theories about every piece of land ? who is the true owner of england ; saxon ? dane ? celt ? -LRB- this is very bad news for most of the people who think they are citizens of a country like the usa -RRB- > > what are my ` theories about every piece of land ' ? . i am talking about people . people have connections with with geographic regions . < < i thought you were saying that as long as you could keep palestinians off their land until the first generation were all dead then that would make their dispossession acceptable . i do not think that is the right way to treat anyone ; armenian , jew or palestinian . > > it would help if you read what i actually wrote and then consequent upon digestion thereof you responded with your opinion . i pointed out that most ` palestinians ' who were alive in 1947 are now no longer alive . even if they were born in 1947 they would now be 61 . the vast majority of the palestinians were born post 1947 . this is a simple fact . so now , on what basis do you advance the notion that they have the right to go and live in the state of israel ? . pay close attention to the last three words . state of israel . nine syllables.concatenate . aspirate.appreciate . < < first of all nowhere did i say that if you can displace ' a population ' for long enough then it does not matter , and i challenge you to either point where i said as much or withdrw that remark . . > > you then go on to quote two paragraphs from my previous post that do not in any way substantiate or even speak to the idea that ` it does not matter ' . in fact if you go back and read my posts you will find that i am sympathetic to palestinian aspirations towards statehood . < < i do not know why i am finding it so hard to explain that i find all this talk of who is or is n't a ` people ' both absurd and sinister . we should treat people as individuals - when considering the right way to treat a fellow british person is i do not first need to find out if they are a jew ! similarly , states have a duty to displaced persons ; their ` people ' is irrelevant . > > and i on the other hand am quite astonished at your ` difficulty ' . it seem to me that you are taking great pains to deny the existence of the fundamental anthropological imperative to form cultures . yes of course we should and do treat people as individuals.but your next statement is at once problematic yet informative . and belies a smidgeon of arrogance on your part . you have a world view.it is your world view.if you do not consider the individual as he has self defined himself you have abrogated to ourself the right to impose a world view upon him because without consideration to the way he has self defined himself all mutual interaction has to be based upon your world view . i love pork crackling . they are cheap and the after taste hangs around for longer than a packet of crisps . i always have some on me.i never offer them to my son 's somali team-mate . and condiderate englishmen do n't indulge in conversations centred around the derring-do of british bomber pilots in front of germans . i would hope that you transact with other people with a bit more sensitivity . < < so your difference with the bnp is that they are interested in ` race ' and you are interested in something called ` self-identity ' > > i am not ` interested ' in self identity . it exists.it is . < < actually , the mainstream bnp tend to use your approach these days . they deny their dislike of immigrants is about racism - it is all about ` shared values ' and ` britishness ' . > > the bnp can use whatever disengenous ` approach ' they like to camouflage the fact that their ideals are racist . however ` shared values ' and ` britishness ' are quite correctly mainstream concepts and are incorporated into both labour and conservative party policies . < < no , it 's not up to them . it is up to all of us to fight against that sort of behaviour . > . again , you arrogant slip is showing . on what basis do you abrogate to yourself the right to decide how others view themselves , their history , their heritage , their norms and who others wish or do not wish to associate with . i am quite franjly astonished at your arrogance . would you then take issue with nelson mandela then when he offered afrikaaners the option of constitutionally negotiating for an afrikaaner homeland . ? < < you are free to associate for your mutual benefit but only up to the point where it infringes on the rights of other groups to equal treatment . do i really need to tell you this ? > > no what you do need to do is explain yourself . freedom of association is just that.freedom of association . hotmousemat i really think that you need to step back and think about all of the contradictions in your arguments . just by way of example : -- 1 . you tell me that you have great difficulty in underestanding the notion of ' a people ' .2 . then in one of your other posts , unrelated to our discussion , you write '' < < but when we see a people behaving in a way that seems unreasonable it is as well to try to understand how it may seem from their point of view . > > -LRB- my caps -RRB- . so maybe your ` difficulty is a contrived ` difficulty ' . no ? .
POS quite right
NEG jla watch , another fun-filled rant . / / / / / they wo n't also stand for human rights either . / / / / likud do stand for the rights of humans . / / / / they stand for the rule of force - a policy that has failed israel ever since its foundation - as it has generally failed every other country which has tried it / / / / you 'll be rooting for likud because you would like israel to fail . have you ever thought about reading a post and thinking about it before responding ?
NEG that 's why bush 's ` war on terror ' is barmy.anyone he does n't like is branded a ` terrorist ' or ` terrorist sympathiser ' . condaleeza rice has been saying some nutty things about hugo chavez -LRB- venezuela -RRB- recently .
NEU rosie i refer you back to the link i posted in message 4 . whats your views on that ?
NEG somehow i doubt it . i doubt these people could read russian or hebrew , let alone arabic . they 're not going to get any help from hamas , not least because by the nazi definition , whether they like it or not , they are jewish themselves .
NEU hi sergeant pluck , sergeant pluck quote : `` why not just invade another few countries and steal all their oil ? simple , eh ? '' i am sitting in the middle east trading oil and do n't understand how the us has stolen any oil so why do n't you explain the heist to us all . come on i really want to hear the nuts and bolts logic behind how you can imply such . warmest regards , smoker
NEG mondial , the tragedy of iraq is that the majority of the killing of people is done by fellow iraqis , not the us/uk occupiers . much was made of the shock and awe bombing campaign . however , this was not wwii style carpet bombing of cities with hundreds of planes . precision bombing of military targets means vast blocks of cities are n't taken out just to hit one target . fellow iraqis are bombing markets , football celebrations , mosques , etc. , all deliberate civilian killing . please do n't believe i supported this invasion for one minute . it was a disaster and unnecessary from the beginning . with that said , iraq pales in comparison to the ` genocide ' in sudan . is it that the us/uk are involved that makes it worse to some ? i do n't see how one or two bombs used selectively is any worse than the 20 million killed each by stalin or mao . then there 's the killing fields of cambodia , rwanda in the 90s , etc. .
NEU you have to bring islaam into everything dont you ?? is islaam that great that you always have to mention it ? lol .
NEU it has to be good news if there are signs of turkey throwing off the shackles of islamofascism . 1,000,000 + turks marching to support secularism and democracy - now that 's goping to have the hard euro-left sobbing into their copies of das kapital !
NEG the holocaust is a tragedy . the statistics show that approx 6 million were murdered . i 'm sorry if this confuses you .
NEG india is the most fanatically religious country in the whole world . religion oozes out of every nook and corner of india , and i am not talking about the cows that roam around freedly in the streets .
NEU zarqawi 's victims did have a trial of the same sort wallace had .
NEG how can justice be served ? > > > > it already has been served . people who participate in this kind of barbarity are sub human , and will never know the joys of those who have evolved . every day they wake up in the same twisted & perverse reality . the obvious answer of how to prevent them from imposing their insanity on to others , is to lock them away .
NEU sun , 13 jul 2008 16:33 gmt , in reply to imspartacus in message 4 i 've just looked up and i ca n't see any strings ...
NEG to nighthook - sorry to tell you that if you can not read , then it be not i to teach you.the discovery was not of / / a few plants / / -LSB- !!! -RSB- but of a most interesting scientific discovery of some ancient invertebrate sea creatures ... and as britan 's nafthe institute has decided to boycott israeli universities and educational academies , then it would be justified that nafthe be exempt from sharing in any further knowledge relating to this hugely interesting scientific discovery - the boycott by nafthe having been influenced by the palestinians themselves ... !
NEG and all that from those who in the 1960 's , 1970 's demonstrated calling for military intervention against what was then called '' the evil whites '' of rhodesia . did they not warn britain and the world what would happen if mugabe and his cronies were in power .
NEG after what has happened recently , they were bloody stupid to do what they did ! they should have respected the laws of the land !
NEG agreed , clinton , way too much baggage and a husband with direct link to the white house , very odd dynamic .
NEU if the palestinian/arabs have any sense in their heads , they will pray and hope for another like arik sharon who will give them ` land for peace ' . sharon did just that - but what peace did he get for his country ... . . ` o ' . afraid the palestinian/arabs are going to have ` hard times ' from now on ... . .
NEG er , no but you always assume colonel that you know what people are , you have been bleating for months about how i am british which i 'm not so dont assume things which you cant tell ...
NEG `` what planet are you on ?????? you dont count the umproviked rocket attacks by hammas on israel as breaking the ceasefire then ??? thats ok in your eyes , israel had approx 6 months of this before they did something . so tell us again who broke the ceasefire '' read this and then apologize and admit you were wrong and uninformed . <ahref="">
NEG well as you 've run away from actually arguing your case and have replaced it with stock insults it is getting very easy for us . no wonder you regard john wayne as a hero , he must seem a towering intellectual to you and granty .
NEG agreed . consolidation in a shrinking market generally is the best way to go . therein lies the problem for both stella and bud . in europe , the traditional ales are rebounding . in the us , local upstarts making product sometimes near as good as their european counterparts have been steadily grabbing market share from the big brewers . they will not go away altogether . but in the future they will not be what they were .
NEG simcha2 - millions of people died in a terrifying manner and many others survived terrifying ordeals other than jews in ww2.the russians lost 20m in all.what do you think it must have been like for the survivors of attacks like nagasaki or hiroshima?anyway even irving is not denying the holocaust any more.he agrees millions died .
NEG the really surprising thing about this story is that is n't that surprising . we 've all known for a long time now that bush repeatedly lied/misled/twisted the truth whatever you want to call it . i 'd say this was the final nail in the coffin of bush 's reputation but that nail went in a long time ago .
NEU how would you have stopped it ?
NEG mistress you have muslim neighbours . i find that very hard to believe . how do you manage to live there ? no one finds the sight of a woman vulgar unless you are trying to tell us something about yourself . it would n't surpirse me because you come across as a vulgar and vile woman anyway . muslims love women and treat them with the respect that they deserve . something you obviously would know nothing about .
NEU sorry ruth , i was n't responding to you but to post 39 from insultan . ` groover ' is just my favoured term of casual address . i think the fact that i was responding to another post led to confusion as to meaning ? i think there is a place for opinion and comment within the wider news . however , i think it must be clearly authored and distinct from ` straight news ' , as it were . i think it 's only a problem when news organisations ` editorialise ' instead of reporting . as to theorising , maybe i do have a theory . yippee ! however , the basis of my theory is that the actions of any power when in conflict with a party demonstrably ` weaker ' -LRB- in conventional terms -RRB- are subject to greater scrutiny and criticism than those of their opponent -LRB- for all the reasons gone over before -RRB- . as to terrorism itself being inevitable in a given situation - yes and no . i can empaphise with what might lead someone to the conclusion that such might be their preferred option but -LRB- remarkable as it seems -RRB- this is not an inevitability it is a choice -LRB- see tibet -RRB- . lizards from space , are these the same lizards who are behind the international money markets and the re-branding of consumer brands ? you 're theory is gaining weight .
NEG `` is n't it a petty thing to have a go at him for ? '' perhaps . but i would n't set myself up by trying to defend him either . when someone enjoys the sound of their own voice as much as does bho , odds are there 'll be the occasional self important silliness . best we laugh at this guy now rather than have foreign leaders laughing at him later . i know you want us to be gentle on him but why ? this is quite probably the most important job in the world and you want to give him a pass ?
NEG hey zabacs , > > yeah , thats what i thought regarding muslim world . i mean , western europe , sorry for mis-spelling . < < no need to apologise zabacs , it is an understandable mistake to make , and the worst you can be accused of is forward thinking . > > yet , property could do fine around here . no muslims around , and , if eu breaks down before blood in streets in muslim-controlled euarabia countries ... < < what do you think will happen to eastern europe when western europe collapses into another of the long nights of bloodletting that it so loves ? i had assumed that , since so many east european ecnomies are tied into west european ones , and share the downward demographic spiral -LRB- although not the upward muslim one -RRB- they would get dragged down part of the way too . a bit like britain . however , resourceful and skilled populations there may pull away once freed from the dead and patronising hand of euroleftism . which way do you think it will go ? yours , gavin
NEG simon you 'll be delighted to know that israel was attacked last week but i regret to inform you that no land was taken in retaliation . <ahref=""> 2054th kassam since disengagement strikes -LRB- israelnn.com -RRB- a `` kassam '' type rocket launched by terrorists from the northern gaza strip exploded wednesday evening without causing damage or casualties . the rocket apparently struck an unpopulated spot . according to idf 's oc southern command maj. gen. yoav galant , 2,053 kassams have hit israel since the disengagement .
NEG <ahref=""> a tragic accident happened at a russian nuclear-powered ice-breaker . very sad .
NEG america feels it is right to attack al quada and taliban positions . if in doing so there are innocent people killed -- so be it . on the other side al quada felt it had a reason for attacking america and the twin tower and if innocent people are killed so be it . so it goes around and around and around . and in the circle of mayhem and violence -- so many innocent people are killed . one is no better than the other -- and far as the innocent perishing . no one side can call the other bad / evil / vicious without labelling them self exactly the same . no one involved can call the other a ` terrorist with exposing themselves as a terrorist
POS `` churchill was half american '' . really ? which half was american ? his mother was an american but he was born in britain , thereby making him a british subject , a fact which should make you very proud .
NEU absolutely saibal . it takes years to build trust , but only an instant to demolish it .
NEU constantly . i have never claimed that i am anything but some guy posting on the internet . yes , on second thought , when you said `` please stop it '' , `` all this home-spun moralising is making me want to cry ! '' - i should have seen that as the friendly post it was . and i talked about the shallowness of making mass assumptions on a person based on either where they come from , or what t-shirt they are wearing . thats fine , if you see some guy wearing a t-shirt that says something you agree with and automatically feel you have `` more in common '' with them . that is great for you . i personally would talk to a person , get to know them and then decide if i have anything in common with them . the leader of their homeland or choice of t-shirt are not real pursuasive influences on me . so when you see a pimply faced kid wearing a `` i love vegetarians '' or a `` che guvera '' shirt on one side of the street , and a person wearing just a regular button down shirt , you automatically figure you have more in common with the kid ? okedoke .
NEU hmmm dangerous . that justifies someone trying to win them back .
POS usa and canada are very popular destinations for dutch emigrants . with a more sustainable population density , the attraction of the american continent is understandable .
NEU so , including switzerland , kurdistan , the turkish republic of northern cyprus , chechenya , nagorno karabakh , the kingdom of hay , scotland , euzkadi and the county of cockaigne ?
NEG well the real question is whether some are using the environment issue to deter the 3rd world countries to cathch up . if the west is really concerned about it , then everyone should share the responsibility on gdp per head terms . otherwise it 's going no where . how can you expect somebody living on & 163 ; 500 a year to cut down emission with you ? all that guy cares is how quickly he can make money to feed his family . when you sit comfortably in front of your & 163 ; 1000 pc in a & 163 ; 300,000 house distating what that poor chap should do to help you cut down pollution , what reaction would you expect from him ?
NEG a company called jd power ranks all us sold cars on reliability . it is a commercial venture , so i think links violate beeb rules . if you google , you will find plenty of data . toyhon have been at the top of jd power rankings for more than a decade . gm has moved into third over the past 5 years and is at a near dead heat or ahead in some categories . i personally have not owned a car in the five years since moving to new york , so i have zero personal stake in the debate . i did not mean to dismiss them . they sell well in the us . but their reliability records are poor . they largely sell on lower initial cost to people who think they otherwise have no choice . as i mention above in several spots , vw has done very poorly on jd power and other surveys . vw 's sales are down in the us as their cars are seen as an aspirational purchase and not a purchase of last choice . people who aspire to buy fashion cars may put up with some glitches , but there is a limit , as vw 's shrinking sales show .
NEU `` are other countries angry at the us for having to step in and control everything or are they more upset at their own countries ineptness towards wold affairs ? '' ah ! what a fine choice you offer . i have to follow my natural polling instinct and reply ` none of the above ' .
POS i do n't deny any of that - just helping you establish exactly the sort of leftie he was very anti communist -LRB- obviously -RRB- and anti stalinist . read the other article - it 's very good re why the left seem to be so anti-semetic etc. .
POS i 'm from lincolnshire , and we do n't think of it as `` surrounded on all sides by water '' or even `` surrounded on three sides by water and on the other side by scotland '' . to many in east anglia , lincolnshire , humberside and the east riding of yorkshire , the north sea is not so much a barrier as a road . it does n't so much divide us from the continent as it connects us to holland and denmark . -LRB- that 's probably why , for example , norwich airport has flights to amsterdam and copenhagen but not to london . it 's also why hull , the seventh largest city in england , is seen by many as a backwater . -RRB-
NEG in sultan , rather than indulge in other discussions , perhaps you would have the decency to provide the source about shatilla and sabra being a terrorist shoot out . or are you simply a zionist liar ?
NEG the big gamble for israel is in easing the blocade . if the islamic terrorist groups use this to restock their arsenals , then the conflict will kick off again in a few months but at a greater intensity .
NEG `` this is a world news message board , not a george orwell , or a woe is me , or the bbc are terrible lefties message board '' . as the bbc is a world wide news gathering organization , mm , would n't criticism directed their way be a part of world news ? the bbc does not restrict themselves to local politics only , though some believe that should be the case . and their news gathering idiosyncracies are gaining international recognition as well , if you ever were to read the wsj .
NEU are you jewish ?
NEG i have no time for your pedantic nonsense .
POS wow . smoker has nothing to say on this ?
NEG at miss world pageant . but wo n't her burka lessen her chances in the swimsuit competition ?
NEU indistinguishable from punjab . blimey , this is too easy . .
NEG once again you are twisting things . stay focused and on topic . > > he supported them before there was an israel < < the holocaust and jew terrorism saw to it that there was an israel , hence jewish colaboration with nazis . palestinians were being driven out of their homes in the 1930s . should i post a quote from ben gurion ? <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> no he did n't . zionist education combined with talmud inspired lies . <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes"> am i to take it that you understand why the grand mufti went to the nazis for help in preventing his people from being driven from their homes ? somehow i doubt that . one rules for whitey and another for the rest .
POS john , that 's quite touching . i 'm glad to hear that you wo n't be making that mistake again ! yes , men are a mystery , too . how dull life would be if they were not .
NEG what 's all the fuss about ? israel has been launching its own military satellites for a few years now , several of which must be looking down on iran . as for it being targeted by russia , what 's new about that ? kgb troops were standing by to `` assist '' after sadat 's `` army '' had over-run israel in 1973 .
NEG `` if you do n't like jesus , go to hell . ''
POS if more women went around topless it would be a less opressed society and sex crimes will come down .
NEG no . if a bomber deliberately plants and detonates a bomb , and that bomb blows up civilians , the fault is that of the bomber . to blame the victims because they could have avoided it if they had happened to be somewhere else at the time is odious in the extreme .
NEG `` but george bush is the usa and that 's what you do n't get , no matter how many times it has to be explained to you '' ... do n't worry . we get it alright , every time we see an american missile or bomb blowing the head off a little child in rumsfeldt 's ` shock and awe ' , we do n't just think of gw cretin , we think of america .
POS if people are willing to pay then good on them . market forces , supply and demand and all that .
NEG muslim , arab , islamic `` extremist '' its all the same on this board is it not ? the bad guys ?
NEG 1500 copies ? surely your title should have been `` karl marx less unpopular '' . at that number , it could almost be accounted for by journalists getting copies to do their homework !
NEG both musso and hitler were christians . hitler told germmany he was doing god 's work . but seeing as you see things that way , how can you therefore claim that terrorism carrying out acts in the name of islam are true muslims ? you apply different rules in your reasoning and are never consistent .
NEG to antineocon - if anything is kept as secret as this one - secret f.o memo - then it means it is ` fishy ' and not to be taken as seriously .
NEG this looks like it may have been a revenge spree by the americans to avenge the death of a marine.if that is the case then the american soldiers did enjoy killing these women and children .
NEU / / their side of the story is poorer than the one i presented ; nonexistent wmds and a clear and present danger where there could n't possibly have been one . / / that 's your opinion and your entitled to it . however i will not take saddam 's side of the story at face value , he was not remotely trustworthy and in my opinion cooked up the whole story of kuwait stealing iraqi oil as a smokescreen to cover up the real reason for the invasion : he had bankrupted the iraqi economy and simply set out to plunder his wealthier neighbour , look at the widespread and systematic looting carried out by his forces in kuwait . / / i will condemn atrocities committed in kuwait that you 've made reference to but believe that iraq did and does have an historic claim on kuwait as iraqi territory . however , i concede that the un would have been a better arbiter in such a claim as opposed to the unilateral invasion that iraq undertook . / / i agree .
NEG `` to grant - / / which flag ? / / ... well according to that islamic leader , `` the black flag ... . '' it seems that whether it 's black , white , the skull and crossbones , or one with a crescent on it , it wo n't be the union jack for very long , jane . especially while so many europeans are accepting , if not actually embracing , radical islam and turning on their fellow democracies .
NEG al qaeda will not be making a base in iran - that 's ridiculous , as they hate the shia almost as much as they hate everyone else in the world .
NEU tiredandweary is n't true cornish virtually a language on its own ? j
NEG un peu -LRB- no t -RRB- ... as for the joke i would laugh if it were actually funny and in the case of france , original .
NEU very well . there 's no actual evidence of the kurds being gassed though , which was my point . just because churchill said some words about it , does n't mean it happened .
NEG i disagree , senator-dr . bill frist -LRB- doctors without boarders -RRB- is of the highest integrity and perhaps the most honest man in our government . hillary is up to her eye-balls in crooked dealings with lobbyists and mob connections . also , she is no bill clinton -LRB- not like-able -RRB- . people really despise her , she has approval ratings in the teens -LRB- less than half of bush 's lowest -RRB- .
NEG thank darwin for that . the number of rubbish office parties i 've been to where kevin from accounts decides he 's a lithe beach bum and can slide under the pole despite wearing a ridiculously uncomfortable suit and unsuitable shoes while having drunk a boat load of lager . and all in order to impress sharon from catering who really does n't fancy him plus she 's just been snogging phil from mis . grrr it makes me mad .
NEU capt 'n billy , was the desert song performed by mario lanza ? .
POS chavez is a good man . he is simply shutting down a station which is sympathetic to the usa , and we all know the usa want their hands on venezuelan oil . by shutting down this rogue tv station , he is acting in his nations security interests , which can only be a good thing . lets hope he allows al-jazeera to broadcast freely , as chavez is a friend of the muslim world . i have really grown to admire chavez in recent years . he is a very strong , compassionate , charismatic leader .
NEG red - quoting you < < i 'm sick of the brats banging on my door begging for sweets ... the little buggars should integrate better and stay at home if you ask me > > ... nobody is asking you ... but you need to know that ` trick n ' treat ' is in their country and it is their custom and no stranger is about to change it ... . .
NEG `` lord protector mcbean '' more analagous to charlesi i would have thought . particularly in respect of his constant financial demands of both parliament and his `` subjects '' . along with his scottishness too -LRB- it 's never a good idea giving a scot the unfettered reins of power for the whole of britain . it 's always been a disaster whenever it 's been tried before ! -RRB-
NEG the west sees musharraf as the lesser of two evils as if the extremists gain control in pakistan the brown smelly stuff will really hit the fan .
NEG lol . is that all you can come up with ?
NEU each to their own .
NEU on one of the things that you awakened in me , if the jewish lobby can get a memorial commemerating the holocaust lets hope the powers that be give the most courageous russian people who lost 20,000,000 souls
NEG iran does n't want `` peaceful '' energy it wants bombs . if iran or n korea just wanted energy then they would have taken the light-water reactor deals .
POS / / but israel has n't occupied lebanon since 2000 . / / israel still attacks hezbollah and detains its members so it 's a two-way street.the israelis have hundreds of prisoners hezbollah wants back.anyway the palestinian refugees in lebanon want their rightful homes and land back.they do have a just cause .
NEG message posted by colonelartist i am sure the americans soldiers who went wild and killed innocent people in jalabad didnt also mean to kill ... what is it that you people like to call it when the west doesnt mean to kill but still kills ? collateral damage or something . . ---------- can you for once post on the topic ? stop going off into left field .
NEU it is only an opinion sarah and it is not a criticism of americans . feel free to criticise the uk and the uk judicial system as you wish . i do n't take it personally .
NEG / / / several inventors , scientists , and engineers contributed to the development of radar . the use of radio waves to detect `` the presence of distant metallic objects via radio waves '' was first implemented in 1904 by christian hlsmeyer , -LSB- 2 -RSB- -LSB- 3 -RSB- who demonstrated the feasibility of detecting the presence of a ship in dense fog , but not its distance . he received a reichspatent patent nr . 165546 for his pre-radar device in april and on november 11 , 1904 the patent 169154 an amendment of his patent for ranging that is indirectly related to his device . he received a patent -LRB- gb13170 -RRB- in england for his telemobiloscope on september 22 1904 . -LSB- 2 -RSB- -LSB- 4 -RSB- prior to the second world war , developments by the americans -LRB- dr. robert m. page tested the first monopulse radar in 1934 -RRB- , -LSB- 5 -RSB- the germans , the french -LRB- french patent n  788795 in 1934 -RRB- , -LSB- 6 -RSB- and the british -LRB- british patent gb593017 by robert watson-watt in 1935 -RRB- , -LSB- 6 -RSB- -LSB- 7 -RSB- led to the first real radars . hungarian zoltn bay produced a working model by 1936 at the tungsram laboratory in the same vein / / / / ok , but it was a german who invented the concept , from which the americans came next , then the french , then germans again , then brits derived modern radar .
POS are you advocating that any minority be it large or small has the right to independence no matter were they live ?
NEG if you elect men of violence they do n't suddenly become respectable just because they start wearing a suit and tie . begin , peres , rabin and many more stopped being terrorists the momment they wore suits and were elected . ismail khan , general dostum stopped being terrorists when they shifted to suits , they are not being elected . so wearing a suit definatly makes one non-terrorist .
NEU gothicdoom - < < i see jack straw 's bigoted anti-muslim statement has been picked up by the big three ... . . > > and indeed it would because it is a frank acknowledgment of what lies behind the minds of many in our modern world of today , where there may be those who are understandably not too eager to speak their minds ... . but jack straw had the courage and did !
NEU it 's all made up and borrowed from earlier gods and religions . the christians even took 25th december as the birthday of jesus because it was the day mithras was born . still you ca n't stop people believing in myths and miracles and who would want to !
NEU exactly . we have enough of our own but that is n't a reason or excuse to import more . tougher border controls and deportation rules would have stopped or reduced the problem considerably .
NEG self-righteous drivel
NEG tony silver one day your a man of peace the next day your showing your true colours fact is you have shown many times that your an anti semite and a bigot . you spell jew or israel in anyway you like i dont really care it changes nothing about yout attitude .
NEG and most killed in karbala were iranians .
NEU we can hardly call sienfield and larry sanders -LRB- if thats who you mean -RRB- villains .
NEG `` grant are you still saying that killing 1300 people as revenge for the deaths of 13 israelis is self defense ? '' and where did i say that , glowingtrw ? still have n't mastered the art of using quotes ? what 's the matter with you ? `` and if you dispute the figure of 1300 , why dont the israelis allow journalists into the war zone ? '' i have no idea what the death toll is , and neither do you . <ahref=""> `` like i said - israel is the biggest dog in the me yard '' . and why is that , despite not having any natural resources . can you think of any reason for this apart from the education of its people their willingness to work hard ? `` so it does what it likes because international law , the authority of the un or any other measure of international governance does not apply to it '' . perhaps . would that be any different from the islamic terrorists who are attacking them ? i 'm of the fight fire with fire school so whining about only one side in a conflict matters little to me . either both sides follow the rules or the gloves come off . `` explain why israel has nuclear wepaons '' because they are a democracy governed by rational people . `` why it imprisoned vanunu for 20 yrs when he revealed this fact ? '' he broke the law . `` you liars say iran is an existential threat to israel '' - not just to israel . if i said it was just israel , and again you offer no quotes , then i was in error . these nut cases are a danger to everyone , though mostly to their own people . `` well the same can be said about the occupied welcome back and gaza '' . sure .
NEU although its a uk issue it has resonance across europe . as far as i know the uk is the only country that published sharia friendly finance law in its recent budget . it states : shariah finance 5.93 building on the success of the measures introduced in 2005 and arising out of ongoing consultation with industry , the government will introduce measures enabling sharia compliant business finance by ensuring that :  wakala -LRB- agency -RRB- , diminishing musharaka -LRB- partnership finance -RRB- and ijara waiqtina -LRB- hire purchase -RRB- will be taxed similarly to their conventional equivalents ; and  the existing stamp duty land tax reliefs for alternative property finance products will be extended to all entities , including companies . '' interesting or scary ?
POS <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> but atleast they are playing their part , sending the message that they belong to france .
NEG look 's like jingles is unable again to answer my posts with any facts to the contrary ...
NEU `` you people are always telling us it 's a war zone . so as such , pow are taken . get over it already . '' the idf have a different view , if they decide to act then hamas will suffer .
NEU i think not grant . many governments around the world are struggling to get big business to obey basic laws . in democracies governments that break the law are exposed and if the voters feel strongly enough they are punished at election time . business just plays one country off against another and threatens to move its head office to a different jurisdiction if someone demands it sticks to the rules . and we see from the sub-prime scandal that business does n't like sticking to the rules
NEU well lord seb , maybe i 'd argue with you if i wanted to praise castro to the rooftops , but since that was never my aim , i 'll let your assessment pass with a measure of agreement . as long as cuba , and castro 's regime , is seen in a proper context then i am satisfied .
NEG yes , much like the `` hear , hears '' from supporters and rumbles and grumbles from those who disagree and the various sitting and standing and shifting around in one 's seat that you see when watching british parliament .
NEG pit-man , `` it seems that jj has started two threads on this subject in an attempt to portray europe as somehow being the only culprit in this business which is far from the case as i 've already proved on the other thread : '' you proved nothing , and europes dispicable behavior speaks for itself , especially in light of your `` agreement '' and posturing to the contray ... your hip deep in current toxic waste disposal business and it 's killing people . `` the point is that europe has passed laws and entered into an international un backed treaty to stamp this trade out . '' that agreement was 7 years ago , how long do you need ? `` obviously it will require some effort and take time but the us has refused to ratify the same treaty in fact it 's the only major nation which refuses to do so , . . '' i 'll look into why the us , austarlia and number of countruies did n't sign , but once again euro 's did sign but continue to dump ... whats up with that ? in fact it 's the only major nation which refuses to do so , which weakens the agreement and makes things harder for everyone . . . '' ... which weakens the agreement and makes things harder for everyone . '' '' what , you need the us to behave correctly ... typical ... lol `` yes it 's bad and unacceptable but jj ought to do some research before he launches into another of his inadequate euro-bashing tantrums . '' it 's so easy ... as you are euro hypocrites ...
NEU '' but it does n't change the the fact america hire the best minds from around the world for those advancements '' and are you angry ? too bad ! btw , the 6 nobel winners this year are all american born , raised and breed ...
NEG yeah . that is right . those nazis were easy push overs as we know from seeing repeats of ` hogan 's heroes . ' a few unarmed jews could have easily bested them . the russians , brits , us , and other allies only took three years of concentrated effort destroying the nazi war machine because they wanted to pro-long the lucrative war machinery contract buying . sheesh !
NEG regarding a plan for a resolution for un troops : `` any state that sponsors this draft resolution will be regarded as assuming a hostile attitude against the sudan , '' he said . that 's really helpful .
NEG just imagine ! jordan is one of the few arab states that has doplomatic relation with that arrogant state . it was the obligation of israel to inform jordan before this sad tragedy happened . but i believe that israel was more interested in protecting its citizens avoiding them not to visit jordan , and that is all . israel is this kind of `` friends '' ! peace is good for the israeli and palestinian children , as this kind of atrocities will sadly make many peaceful muslims turn radicals .
NEG as everyone knows america 's only really special relationship is with israel .
NEU well , mods , i have to say that now you 've got me interested . what is it specifically about mondial that means we are not allowed to ridicule him ? p.s. is there some way you can make him tell us what these `` eu mutuals '' are and how they improve healthcare ?
NEG / / / the palestinians did n't want their land taken from them . / / / / `` and for this very reason palestine created the lebanon , syria and jordan . '' they only wanted to stay on their own land where many of them had lived for many generations.unfortunately a lot of jewish people flooded in and took it from them .
POS my great gtrandfather fought for canada during ww1 but i do not know where he was . remember your soilders and the sacrifices they make for their country
NEG the girl wants her mum , she was scared and devastated when her mum was kidnapped . and now that yvonne has `` found '' islam , she could n't care less about her daughters feelings . if you are a parent your child comes first , full stop .
NEG do n't lump us in the same excrement as you . we -LRB- europe & canada -RRB- told you all to go to hell before and we will tell you again go to hell !!!!! the clever tactic used by the u.s. saying that `` western values '' are a cheap ploy which nobody is buying . not even our `` lap dog '' p.m. !!
NEG i 'm not convinced . i 'm sure it was me . but as you have beautiful eyes i will gracefully concede . her showbiz column is well worth reading . not .
NEU spottyknowsall - alas , that was before ` suspicions ' began showing up . in fact , even at the beginning there were sources of ` doubt ' . however , the truth must be found and it will be unless there are those who will do all in their power to hide it .
POS it 's nice to finally ` meet ' someone with the same idea/thought !!
NEG nologo - the < < majority of jewish people are arabs - dont you know > > no , i do not know ... so stop trying to flatter the arabs and yourself . jews are not arabs - and unfortunately for them arabs are not jews !
NEG ruth , ok , what i 'm going to do this time is spell out my argument and supporting evidence as simply as i can . america invaded iraq to control its oil . you ask `` why do you think they want to control iraqi oil ? '' well , the answer is that oil is very useful to america . why is it very useful to america ? read this article : <ahref=""> in a previous post , you asked `` please explain when you think we 'll start balancing the scales against those billions already spent and the billions more to come . '' i pointed out that you were assuming i thought america would `` balance the scales '' at all . now you claim not to have made this assumption , but i 'm afraid you did . it 's there in black and white . how am i supposed to answer a question based on a false assumption ? i do n't know whether the american investment in iraq will bear dividends . i do n't think the americans do , either . `` if -LSB- the motive is -RSB- money ... at least explain why you think the us government would think it would be profitable . '' i 've had to cut out large chunks of your post to find this question , but i think it 's what you 're getting at . why did the us think it would be profitable ? well , in my opinion they had a much shorter war in mind . they wanted to fight a quick war with a small army , gain control of iraq , install military bases and a compliant `` puppet government , '' then leave . you 'll notice that i am not replying any more on the canada question . this is because i do n't think it merits any further response . if you really want me to write another post explaining in ever-increasing detail my reasons for believing that america will not invade canada , i 'll be happy to do so . but i 'm hoping against hope that you 'll just let it drop .
POS atleast i have travelled to the pasha 's country a lot of times . thats why i know the egyptians so well .
NEG err , it was a joke was n't it ? '' one mans joke is anothers `` spit in the face ''
NEU is mr tombe a muslim . . ?
NEG goodness . what a stuck record you are today ! i condemn all acts of terrorism . i condemn all acts of murder . but i suppose given , by your own admission , you have trouble with english , perhaps you are just misunderstanding these simple sentences . there are english classes available if you are having problems integrating .
NEG english please . there is no such thing as the `` british '' judicial system .
NEG the article points out - `` while the president 's sentiments about invading iraq were known at the time ... '' so there is nothing new in this . the article is talking about a second un resolution and it is well known that the us were not in favour of one , believing that the existing un resolutions were sufficient . it was blair -LRB- the usual incompetent blair0 who wanted a second resolution - to appease his opwn party , and bush agreed to help him -RRB- . in a joint press conference before the wart bush clearly pointed out the purpose was ` regime change ' - this is always been clear and not covered up by the us . the french were busy making money out of saddam and we now know all about the illegal oil for fraud scam .
NEU is working class hero . know it , anyone ?
NEG marley : it is hyphenated because some people prefer to be hyphenated ... if you are black in the us , you can decide to be an american who is black , or you can choose to be a black-american ... if you are black in the us , you can decide to be an attorney who is black , or you can decide to be a black attorney ... this attitude contributes to some blacks separating themselves from being just people who happen to be black ...
NEU there can be a positive correlation , without a one-to-one correspondence . probably because their neo-conness gives them delusions of being able to get away with it . who knows , they may be right .
NEG ah blue sea , nice to see the postings divorced from their context . no doubt you think you are very clever , but actually its a bit of a cheat . however , this reminded me of something : `` the jews have been a corpus separatum for more than three thousand years and counting . '' how might that be ? jews are not the only group of people who have lived apart from their neighbours , or who have been driven from their original lands . you have the example of the chinese communities dotted around southern asia , you have the roma . historically you have the huguenots , the cathars , the alans , the sassanid . and additionally you have the expat communities of bankers and traders , lombards , venetians , netherlanders , even scots . they 've left their traces in family names in odd places , street names , churches and houses . historically all have been shunned and persecuted from time to time . historically too all have eventually assimilated into their host community through inter-marriage and such . except the roma , whose wandering life style rather precludes assimilation . jews assimilate too , but there must be some special reason for the supposed 3000 year `` corpus separatum '' .
NEU no point in having a new toy if you ca n't play with it , right ? as to `` illegal war '' : i did n't follow the machinations of the build up to the iraq invasion too closely , but if you have a quick google , you 'll probably find that there was some argument over the need for a -LSB- 2nd -RSB- un resolution , which was sought , but not secured , prior to invasion , as i recall . best regards rad
NEU hi bbc thought police , why did this disappear for a couple hours and then after two hours of windsurfing i see it has finally come back ? i notice over the last couple weeks almost every post i make initially appears and then within 10 minutes or so it is deleted so do i have like before a new euro lefty staker requesting all my posts to be deleted ? by the way when you delete posts have you ever thought of actually highlighting in your email you only send about 25 % of the time those lines in the post that caused you to censor so the poster knows which part of their post to take out so you bbc thought police will allow it to be read by others ? warmest regards , smoker
NEG it has been finished for ages.they are just waiting for the radioactive goodies arriving from russia to get it on line .
NEU double lol !!! the idea that israeli press is not free was reported by - the israeli press . you are right its sour grapes because journalists were n't allowed to enter a war zone at risk to themselves and the troops if they reported operational details . not suprising when you remember bowen 's and guerin 's performance in the lebanon as hezbollah stooges . bowen was recently criticised for not showing due impartiality or being accurate in his reporting of the israel/palestinian conflict .
NEG of course the men are out fighting , as are many of the israeli men . or are there me not allowed to fight like yours ? every isareli bomb shelter i have seen is mostly women and children and elderly , are they human shields ?
NEG jj i do n't know where you see the comparison between nazi aggression and the present day problems with islam . the two situations are completely different .
NEG certainly did not make the brit destruction of their nation right . ashanti slave trade was also exaggerated by the brits to defend the forcible destruction of a nationstate clearly recognizeable by western standards .
NEG of course we condemn muslim terrorists . i have never for one second agreed with anything they have done . but did america have to become christian terrorists in their since 9/11 actions ? america in not banning the use of cluster bombs which kill so many innocent people - are in my mind in the same category as the muslim suicide bomber .
NEU the un peacekeeping force is in effect a police force , it is not meant to do anything ` militarily effective ' , its primary role is as observers and will only be called into action to protect human life . i dont know where you get your facts about the un peacekeepers raping people , perhaps you have been reading too many tom clancey novels ?
NEG `` oh dear ! i thought i was getting the hang of it . were n't the ` euroleft ' supposed to be moral relativists - or was that just me ? '' the two are not mutually exclusive .
NEG forumdude2 shahab darvishi was charged with organising a `` corruption ring '' , deliberate assault , and `` lavat '' , which means homosexual relationship between two men or sodomy , the official news agency irna reported . _____________________________________________ yea most probably a dinner party , do n't you know even if gay meet for a purely social event in these countries that is punishable !
NEG `` only the most gullible fall for the lies . '' what lies , wendy ? he not only wrote the name ismail -LRB- or some reports state `` ishmail '' -RRB- on his arm , he also used that nom de guerre on the package containing his `` martyrdom video '' . <ahref=""> littlegreenfootballs ... </a>
NEU i wish i could hand on heart say i was a lapsed agnostic ...
NEG ps why ` gustav ' ? i must say my immediate thoughts went to mahler as i am a mahler , nut , -LRB- recent anniversary btw -RRB- , but maybe more likely is the german philosopher gutav hempel who emmigrated to the usa around the mid 90 's . othwerwise google is useless and answering ` why gustav ' ? can you do better ? j
POS i do love to feed the fish . . watching them swim to the top of the bowl the way they do ... so easy . . was mohammad a jew ?
NEG is this the laurie mylroie , the buddy of john bolton , richard perle , paul wolfowitz and other right wing looney tunes politicians?is this the micheal moore of the neo cons but without the facts and figurers to back the claims ? is this the laurie mylroie who has tried to implicate saddam hussain for every anti american terrorist act since 1993 , including the bombing of the federal building in oklahoma ? is this the person that politicians both republicans and democtrats have recognised as being a crackpot ? and you believe the drivel ? surely not , you ca n't be so naive .
NEG israeli police have evidence that prime minister ariel sharon 's family received $ 3m in bribes , it has been alleged on an israeli television channel . police have been investigating illegal political contributions allegedly made in 1999 , when mr sharon was running for the leadership of the likud party . last november mr sharon 's son omri pleaded guilty to violating party funding laws . ************ <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a> what is it with those criminals . they are creeping out everywhere , bribing there way ...
NEG they do n't coma back from that one !
NEG and you know this because ... ... they tell you so ? the bbc is a propaganda machine of the worst sort these days . sorry ozy , i know how much many people like to cling on to the idea of its greatness , but i really despise it . we 'll have to agree to disagree on this one .
NEG 84 ` suspects ' -LRB- people that the us suspects of something , anything really -RRB- are on hunger strike in america 's concentration camp in cuba - yes , cuba ! the american camp guards are poking tubes up their noses down into their stomachs to force feed them , which is painful and making them sick . how many more indecent acts committed in their name will americans put up with ?
NEG the u.n. humanitarian chief accused hezbollah on monday of & 8220 ; cowardly blending & 8221 ; in among lebanese civilians and causing the deaths of hundreds during two weeks of cross-border violence with israel . jan egeland spoke to reporters at larnaca airport in cyprus late monday & 8220 ; consistently , from the hezbollah heartland , my message was that hezbollah must stop this cowardly blending ... among women and children , & 8221 ; he said . & 8220 ; i heard they were proud because they lost very few fighters and that it was the civilians bearing the brunt of this . i don & 8217 ; t think anyone should be proud of having many more children and women dead than armed men . & 8221 ;
NEG i think that ms. royal 's sudden rise in popularity can be seen , from a european perspective , as a conveniant counter-balance to the new german chancellor . who will inevitably fall at the final fence in respect of a transatlantic tariff removal . neither the u.s. or the french will agree to an end to subsidies to farmers , which would be prerequisite for any such removal of tariffs . funny how the `` leader of the free world '' manages its own economy along the same lines as the `` cheese-eating surrender monkeys '' !
NEG `` why do n't you ? '' because i did n't make this claim , you did . `` i 'm sure you know what i 'm talking about though '' i have no idea . `` you 'll never admit it until it stares you in the face , of course '' . in order to have it `` stare me in the face '' you 're going to have to support what you said . can you ?
NEG \ \ i 'm really very impressed with the effort you went to in gathering those quotes , captainlogic , and i recall most of them myself . \ \ grant , i can assure you that the effort was minimal . one minute of searching produces scores of such comments -LRB- and worse -RRB- from the us right wing , ironically the people you seem to identify with most closely . and those quotes are recent -LRB- from the last 1 to 3 years -RRB- , so your claim that things have changed does n't ring true . \ \ we are very close , and canada could n't want for better neighbours . \ \ thats not how it appears , at least for some . another quote i saw was that `` canada needs the us , but the us does not need canada '' and please do n't try to speak for europeans in their entirety . if course there are differences between eu member states , but for the most part we get along just fine . you should stop gleaning your world view from rabid right wing media and actually come and visit us over here some time .
NEU aargh lou ceepher , and to all others who mention claims by the lancet , this was a study by an institute of johns hopkins university , which was published in the lancet , the lancet is an academic journal it publishes other people 's studies , it does not usually do its own .
NEU `` we '' as in residents of the uk .
NEG and i am not even from britian ... and i dont believe there is multiculrism in britian ... just thought we should get the records straight .
NEG `` on the other hand , socialism puts a premium on social and economic rights - a full belly and a roof over one 's head . '' not been puffing on more of that delusional weed have you ? the bye word of command economies is shortages , shortages of everything , including housing and food .
NEU i 'm not talking about new recruits , but soldiers who ahve already served in iraq .
NEG obesity is spreading because the american way of eating - the burger - is spreading all over the world . not what one would call healthy eating ...
NEG this is incited mass hysteria and nothing else . to compare some line drawings with threats of physical violence is laughable . the german consulate was attacked today . . furniture was smashed , the office was ruined , people were threatened and shots were fired . this was an office promoting cultural exchange , a peaceful part of the help that germany gives the palestnians . and you think this is fine ? you think this is justified because some minor danish newspaper exerted its right to print cartoons ? you allude yourself if you think that you are not being manipulated . however , if this is really what you think , colonel you are indeed my political enemy : you have no concept of how a peaceful society is supposed to work , you have no clue about what is important in the way how people live together and you have no idea how democratic societies solve conflicts . you should be thinking what all the fuss is really about and what the likes of you are being used for .
NEG uk member of parliament george galloway has received a palestinian passport from a hamas leader in gaza . mr galloway was part of a convoy which delivered financial and material assistance to gaza through the rafah crossing with egypt on wednesday . the aid convoy was organised by the viva palestina group and supported by mr galloway . he personally donated # 25,000 and a fleet of vehicles . the group visited sites which had been hit during the three-week offensive . mr galloway said : `` the material destruction is very great , the suffering is very real , but the spirit of the people is strong . if anyone is calculating that by starving and sieging and bombing the palestinian people that they will one day surrender , i 'm sure that they are wrong , the spirit of the palestinian resistance remains . '' <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a>
NEG actually , i think you 'll find that alot of israelis do not spout hatred about the palestinians , in fact , not all palestinians spout hatred about the israelis . it tends to be outsiders who are most likely to spread hatred .
NEG thats why the meeting may well be just a joke ...
NEG aaaahhhhhh
NEU mini israeli is great , it 's 30min from both tel aviv and jerusalem ? go see the real thing dumbwit . we should have a legoland holyland .
NEU interesting that they kept the script but abandoned the stars . as i understood it the script was introduced by saddam to mark iraq 's `` victory '' over iran in the original gulf war -LRB- now called the iran/iraq war -RRB- . i 'm pretty sure the three star pre-date saddam and are to do with pan-arab nationalism , they appear on the syrian flag as well . the plan was to join up with egpyt and syria apparently : <ahref=""> en.wikipedia.org/wik ... </a> so the stars that were dropped were nothing to do with saddam , yet the script that has been kept -LRB- if altered -RRB- was introduced by him . funny old world . red
NEU madamecargoes ... i never aked for jews to be expelled from jerusalem ... but i think that a land , a town , a city or a country should not belong to one group in fonction of their belief ... also madame , you should take into consideration that jerusalem is an important city for christians and mulsims as well , and that it seems very unfair that it should belong to one group only ... specaily if we consider that lage numbers of christians and muslims were jews before jesus and mohamet came and created new religions ...
NEG moshe . ... all leftist . puy rubbish . they may have been floating round the sidelines and happy that pinochet led the junta but they had nothing to do with allende -LRB- albeit democratically elected -RRB- putting the country on the road to ruin which was the major cause of the coup -LRB- apart from cuban militias etc doing his dirty work making the route to another cuba even more obvious -RRB-
NEG defending you country comes in many shapes and forms a land based invasion of the us is not a realistic threat overseas wars are all that america will fight in the near future you ca n't pick and choose , you 're in the army
NEG otter : the dutch are not racist -- muslims are not a `` race ... '' the dutch are obviously very intelligent people -- they have the capability to recognize a rat when they see it , and they have the courage to call the rat a rat ... why would you object to truth and reality ?
NEU weather and temperature has always flocculated . and we have multiplied in numbers .
NEG not at all . that 's why i answered your question . what i do mind is people starting discussions but refusing to discuss anything . you asked a question and i answered . if you 're just taking a poll , you should have the courtesy to let people know that when many -LRB- like me -RRB- initially assume that you 're starting a discussion for a rather different purpose -- odd as it sounds , to discuss things .
NEG how nieve that people here think that handing over the soldier will mean an end to the problem ? israel has been holding gaza and the west bank hostage for 66 years ! will handing over the soldier mean that israel will withdraw to the pre-67 border ? will it mean the right of return for the palestinian refugees ? will it mean the release of the palestinian kids and women from israeli prisions ? will it mean that israel will stop the incessant shelling on the occupied territories and stops arrresting palestinian freely ? i think not ! israel must stop its arrogant wrong policy and seek for peace through diplomacy and not bullets , if it wants to live in peace among its arab neighbours ! say to israel , enough of bloodshed and be civilized ! .
NEG `` you are racist '' and i know i am not . as the forum 's arch anti-semite , the irony of you accusing others of racism simply beggars belief . you know you only defend radical islam because of its virulently anti-jewish stance .
NEG what about the people who claim to have been abducted by aliens ? do we believe them because we ca n't prove otherwise ? how about if i start a petition and get the whole country to sign it , we 'll tell the world we can walk on water - it 'll be true becuase millions of us said so . what a rubbish argument . it 's like i said , in times of desperation , people need something more , so convince themselves there is a purpose , someone looking after them . it 's comforting , nothing more .
NEG dream on , boys , dream on .
NEG yes , this is a hugely good point . ` no goggles , no singing ! ' i 'm making my placard as we speak . the slight weaving from side to side like a circling lancaster adds to the effect as well . still , while our lads are getting kicked out for having a dry sense of humour , the italian ultras can knife anybody who beats italy .
NEG obama 's links to islam ? do please tell me that you are talking about his muslim relatives , and not anything else ?
NEG i do n't think they are planning anything at the moment . the russians have vested interests in iran as has china so an attack on them seems unlikely . we are slowly getting back to a cold war situation as china and russia get more power . to cut down on any western defence or missile system would be a big mistake in my opinion .
POS well as long as people keep volunteering to go . honestly , any time your work training manual has instructions for handling an m-16 , you have to know there is danger involved . and the majority of enlisted soldiers -LRB- they do 4-year tours -RRB- signed up after the war in iraq began . so to answer your question : thousands upon thousands . no one is forcing them to go there . they do it because they are brave .
POS malchrome re you two posts here - good to see a few home truth 's . you seem to post less these days . i do hope that 's because you have better things to do and not beause you 've given up on your campaign for common sense here ! j
NEU `` the rationale is to deny an area to the enemy , and the best way of doing so is to leave booby-traps spread around '' . then perhaps a remote control is the key . american technology will certainly come up with the answer if we continue , like ebd , to apply enough pressure .
NEG this heart and mind term is racist ... its time to get rid of this stupid term ...
NEU no but both senators will be well used to telephone conferencing as part of their normal mode of business in the senate . i 'd be very surprised if the senate act different to any other modern business , which is to have a committee working on the details and then checking with small groups of interested parties to see who supports what or who has additional input . most of the work being done on capitol hill on the bail out plan will be done on the phone - as anyone who works in business knows .
NEU yes , i have explained it over , and over again . one ca n't even condone one crime no matter how big or small !
NEG ah well rita , you 'd better stay in jerusalem where this kind of excellent entertainment is available . i 'm sure you 're new hamas mentors will be sentenceing to death those who wish to have a good time in the palestinian territroies .
NEU `` just their fellow countrymen '' . along with the iranians and syrians .
NEG greymatter is dumber than a fence post . happy now .
NEG `` the land was taken in a war that was not started but was won by israel '' well there is a little more to it than that . liek i just told you opposite on here ... i have to get out of this argument on who is the bad guy . silly me sticking my nose in it again .
NEG sorry , to clarify , maybe the word `` modern '' was misplaced . i was referring to muslims . and to answer p & s , yes , i ` d call them both .
NEG possibly so , but it still represents only the wsj and not `` america '' oh dear . trying to yoke together the idea that anti-business is the same as unreliable ... . . anyway i 'm not trying to argue that the wsj is a shabby rag , i quite agree that it has a solid professional reputation . i 'm merely pointing out that it represents only one strand of opinion . actually yes , or at least it was heading that way . europe was in the process of recovering from ww2 and withdrawing from its various empires . europe 's r & d was falling behind the soviets , never mind the americans and europe 's economies were stagnant . back in the 1950 's the deutschmark was mickey mouse money and the french franc traded at 1000 's to the dollar . and the british pound was part way through a long decline . no , but a europe of mutually suspicious nations that can be played off against each other might suit . not so suspicious that another war was a possibility but certainly the wsj would approve of a europe where the various nations competed in lowering taxes and regulations on business . business always likes governments to engage in a race to the bottom on workers rights , environmental protection and corporate taxation . -LRB- if you think states should race to the bottom like that then maybe you should do the decent thing and tell us why you think workers should have little or no job security , why polluters should get away scot free and why the burden of taxation should fall disproportionately on the middle incomes and lower -RRB-
NEG colneljihadist ` the reality is he said in 2003 that he didnt have wmd , ' the fact is that he would still be alive today if he had let the weapons inspecters have full uninterupted access to all the sites they wanted to inspect . if he had nothing to hide then what did he have to lose ? he gambled and lost . tough .
POS what makes you think that there is such a stance ? `` an nbc/wall street journal poll from last week showed 68 per cent of respondents supporting a senate bill that would allow illegal immigrants to join a guest worker programme en route to full citizenship . '' from here : <ahref=""> news.independent.co ... </a>
NEG all you are interested in doing is attacking my posts and me . this discussion has ceased to be productive , and as such i 'm withdrawing from it . have a lovely day .
NEG insultan the new palestian pm could shoot another arab in the head and huindreds of pals could be eyewitnesses and watch it happen and it could be on live tv . if they were later told by the pm that the man with a bullet in his head was killed by an israeli <atarget="_top"href="/dna/mbfivelive/f16"> f16 </a> most of them would buy it .
NEG pillock . what is the `` intrinsic relative value '' of anything ? that 's just gibberish . p.s. why do n't you get `` eu mutuals '' to organise the bartering . p.p.s. do n't bother whining to the mods , they 've already ruled that `` pillock '' is acceptable .
NEG `` so its ok to post anti-muslim posts ? '' no . anti-islam posts . it is important to understand the difference between opposing an illiberal ideology , such as islam , and being racist .
NEG tell me ms.mcneil what is you prefered news source ? your leading questions are making a lot of assumptions that give readers rather more of an accurate insight into your particular view points than mine ! you 'll have to get down off your high horse and take a deep breath before i can have a rational debate with you ms.mcneil .
POS they could be someone like george galloway . -LRB- anyone seen his beard recently ? funny is n't it ? -RRB-
POS no i dont need to educate the people who are already highly edcuated .
NEG i did , and i stand by my remarks . your ` above ' post adds even more substance to the belief that you have no understanding of the separation of powers .
POS you posted it you great numpty.i have explained to you that i am on your side.i just think you could do a lot better.there was a tremendous opportunity to achieve positive things after 9/11 . the world was with you.instead bush completely squandered all the goodwill .
NEG no its only the israelians who can sue .
NEG <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> which race are ` muzlins ' , solomoron ?
NEU the president of nigeria has assembled a team of economic advisors to work towards a sollution for nigeria 's slumping economy . nigeria obtains approximately 95 % of its overall revenue from the sale of oil . with the slump in oil prices nigerians have seen a 20 % decrease in the value of their currency . its always good to see a leader/government be reactive to economic crisis -LRB- its even better when they are proactive in avoiding crisis -RRB- . however , financial experts suggest there may be little nigeria can do as long as the nigerian economy is so heavily dependent on the sale of oil . nigeria is not known as a tourist destination so a campaign to draw tourists seems unlikely , anyone have any thoughts on new directions , revenue options nigeria might consider ? <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 2/hi / ... </a>
NEG one only has to look at amnesty international 's 1977 nobel peace prize work to see just what an intolerant regime malaysia has . all , of course , a consequence of post-ww2 attempts to limit chinese expansion by the british !
NEG in a pig 's valise you have !!
NEG if that is the case , then `` militant '' would be an acceptable term for islamist terrorists , rather than `` terrorist '' . there are islamic groups whose objections stop at demonstrations and words , they would consider themselves militant but not violent . it is not required for militants to be violent . hmm , which word , phrase or website is forbidden i wonder ?
NEU i think thats where the thermite theory comes in .
NEG m2l2j3 `` it never fails to amaze me how you and the rest of your ilk try to rewrite history . '' yo dude ... the only ones trying to rewrite history are the likes of you . put the following in your cafe latte and choke it down : arms sales to iraq under saddam :1973 -1990 russia : 57 % france : 13 % china 12 % czech : 7 % poland : 4 % brazil : 2 % egypt , romania , denmark , lbyia , and us : 1 % each your words are haunting you : `` nice try , but as you know , the whole world knows the truth ''
NEU why does it need anyone to check them ? i am sure they are all healthy and in good condition . when france , pakistan , india , uk and usa let al baradei check their nuclear weapons i 'm sure israel will feel a lot easier about it . as a purely defensive measure there is no point in checking them .
NEG salome samadashvili , georgia 's envoy to the eu , has appealed to the eu to take a stance against the russian invasion . `` she expressed disappointment the eu has not reacted more forcefully to the crisis in her country . `` so far there has not been even a properly worded official statement that would tell them -LRB- the russian -RRB- clearly that they have to stop and that they risk their future relationship with the european union if they do n't , '' she added . '' <ahref=""> i feel sorry for this envoy , she 's about to get a fundamental lesson in euro politics that was harshly learned by the jews 70 years ago ...
NEG never been there . > > swimming pools in the bankstown area are closed for certain times of the day so that muslim girls can swim < < how terrible . in the uk we have women only swimming sessions . is n't that the same ? > > driving licenses can have muslim woman covering there face as a picture -LRB- begs the question what 's the point then ? -RRB- < < that is ridiculous . perhaps oz is to blame for that and not the muslim women . > > the mufti of australia demanding that the labor party -LRB- state government of nsw -RRB- have a muslim in parliment < < how does that change the culture of oz . he wants a muslim to work in an oz system . hardly changing the culture . we had the black section of the labour party here demanding an all black shortlist for potemtial candidates . did settlers assimilate into aborogine culture or did they demand the aboroginals assimilate into their culture ? that is after they nearly wiped out all of them .
NEG with all her millions she could move to a nice place with great weather where the paparazzi would no longer be an issue . apparently its just the opposite tho , she or one of her people calls the paparazzi ahead of time to give them a heads up about her plans for the day . if her mental state is so fragile already , just imagine what she will be like when the press no longer cares .
NEU oh blimey . it was just a piece of innocent good old english black humour . we brits are famous for it . anyone who ca n't take what is a bit of obvious ` jest ' is not human . moderators included .
NEG looks like the civilian engineers were engaged in well-digging and reservoir engineering . trying to bring fresh water and sanitation to the iraqi population merits a death sentence in azania 's book .
NEG straw man argument . you are defining insurgent attacks as either terror attacks or attacks on us soldiers . then you are saying that since more civilians are dying than us soldiers , the insurgents are killing more civilians than soldiers .
NEG < < lol ! it took me about 25 seconds to rubbish his argument ... > > lol ! what you mean is , it took you about 25 secs to delude yourself into thinking you have a counter-argument when all you proposed was tautological nonsense ! what came first , the pro-israel policy of the us govt. , or the first gulf war , hmmmm ? < < ... people like chomsky are not only not prominent jews ... but ... . . you hate israel simply because you hate the us and the west ... etc > > get real ! if i hated america and the west i would n't have cheered at the recent elections in the usa and i would n't bother to wish tb , the little chore-boy belonging to gwb , out of office in my homeland of the uk ... furthermore , if you do n't think chomsky is famous both as a jew and as a linguist with outspoken and well-known political views against the us/israel alliance , then where have you been all these years , besides studying hard at your zionist propaganda 101 course ... ??
NEU well , no . but then the q ` ran does n't refer to recipes for apple crumble , motor cycle mechanics or music hall . so - what ?
NEG message posted by bordeaux57 `` nothing in my post disputed the inclusivity of hmd -LRB- other than the armenian genocide -RRB- . i pointed out that though the armenian church disputes hmd they do not boycott . i also stated that i felt that the view of politicos handwringing for a few moments doesnt fit well with the dignity of the memory . so what point have i missed in that re rwanda ? '' i was making the point about hmd being inclusive - one of ghe reasons often cited for the day being unjustified is that it is n't . i have only accused the mcb of boycotting hmd because they refuse to accept the invitation . -LRB- for those who refuse to accept the part played by the holocaust in the creation of israel , please make a note -RRB- . so i guess it was this that made me think you were emphasising a lack of inclusivity ... i may have misinterpreted that . `` both genocides along with other massacres should be studied and quitely commemorated with permanent memorials . hmd somehow demeans the whole '' however , i do not share your opinion of hmd being in any way demeaning . the service is quiet and dignified and it is quite correct that `` politicos '' are reminded of what the consequences of their actions are . referring to such commemorations as `` handwringing '' does rather suggest to me that it is those who do not like such days who have less respect for some tragedies than others .
POS well put jasb !
NEG nothing is stoping the rest of the world , no one cares . bolton and his government pick and choose when to ` liberate ' countries when its in their interests .
NEU grant , why do you and jj insist on using personal attacks when some one disagrees or just refuses to argue with you ? i have no intentions of continuing this argument because i am never going to change your mind , nor do i wish to . it is just not worth my time or energy , as i am sure it is not worth your time or energy . you must have better things to do with your time than try to argue a point with some one who does not share your point of view or your convictions or beliefs or anything really , other than the love of travel . if you were a dear friend , then it would be worth my while as your friendship would mean a great deal to me , however , you are a stranger , nothing more . i do not take anything anyone says on these boards seriously , it 's strictly to pass the time for me as i sit through conference calls , nothing more . as it should be for you , strictly to pass the time . so , live long and prosper , rita .
NEG someone tell him bush and blair will be leaving office in the near future before he starts to raise an army .
NEG grant , although religion does play a part in the recrutment of terrorists , the primary reason for terrorist attacks is a response to the occupation of foreign lands by western governments . you leave them alone , the attacks stop has history not shown us this ?
NEG sorry , that was for tonker -LRB- little wiener , as i know him -RRB-
NEG i said bush lied about the whole wmd thing . you are trying to use the supposed humanitarian angle -LRB- which in fact iraq is now far worse and should have some humanitarian intervention as those in charge are clueless and useless -RRB- .
NEG and you post the words that suit your agenda and critise the other words in koran ? well , either you believe in everything which it says , or nothing . selectiveness in g-d 's words is not allowed , but again you are not muslim , so you would do exactly what you are doing .
NEU `` what alternative do you suggest instead of soup kitchens ? '' ... ... ... ... ... a society which provides a decent ` social service ' to all which provides a ` safety net ' for the poorest and homeless . they get money and housing etc. free . not something that the boneheads could imagine . no soup kitchens here old chap . it 's called civilisation .
POS have you ever considered being a professional satirist albert ? you 're absolutely brilliant , all this cretin stuff really cracks me up . its right on the button - genius at work .
POS hi ozy , it is quite interesting to hear you say this because one of the ongoing debates on this board is the re-electing of bush vs. the re-electing of blair . uk posters often say that they find it incomprehendible that americans re-elected bush . when us posters in-turn ask uk why blair was re-elected , we are often told it was because of domestic issues and that voters felt blair was very strong on internal british interests . and here you are suggesting that mr. blair did not take british interests seriously . of course there is always going to be differing opinion . but from what we have generally heard on these boards , the one positive attribute that most uk posters have praised mr. blair on was a strong policy of british interest .
NEG ruth , my e-mail message simply says ` it 's against house rules and that some posters may be offended ' . this does n't help as it can refer to many posts and it does n't clarify areas of inconsistency . ps . i 'm quite over extended myself in replying to posts and they all seem to be middle east related . i suppose i 'm to blame for joining the threads .
NEG eh ? that depends on your definition of natural . it is natural for homosexuals to be homosexuals . where have i said otherwise ? is this another talmud inspired lie ? after all , jews are permitted to lie to gentiles to make their point -LRB- talmud again -RRB- .
NEG ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ would n't like someone to come and claim even my coal cellar as his own , would you ? ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ well teresa an ethnic roman of one 's aquaintance -LRB- descended he claims from claudius -RRB- has this idea that there an imperial right for all romans to re-settle londonium at any time . one understands that his elephants are already massing on the docks at calais awaiting suitable cross channel transport . have suggested that he fits them with water wings and teaches them to swim !
NEG here is your independence day , so read it and weep : <ahref=""> we evil white brits are damned if we do , and damned if we do n't . your lot though , you do n't even aspire to the damned . you just hold your head up high while beating the poor , the sick and the elderly . you 're ruled by a class of people unto themeselves , those who by their very actions gave colonalism a good name a looooong time ago . congrats .
NEG wake up ... stop kidding yourself ... noone just invade a country , especially blessed with the resources on which the west exist-oil , to just leave it ... do you recall one important thing that went missing in all the planning prepartions ? the future plan for iraq ... too bad your journalists who flocked bagdad like vultures were cowards who didnt even have the nerve or maybe they didnt want to do , ask any of your lying evil leader about the future plan of iraq ...
NEG if those muslim terrorists scum didnt do 9/11 , no one will ever bother about iraq / afghanistan ; imho no one should ever bother about islamic countries ; if any one do attacks like 9/11 , they should be dealt harshly so that no islamic terrorist will ever dream of doing terrorist attacks ------------------------------------------------- and if america had withdrawned its forces from saudi arabia after liberating kuwait , ben laden and other non saudi , saudi arabians wouldnt have to start opposition campagain against the king , and , and if the americans had withdrawn the troops from saudi arabia , they wouldnt have to tell the king to kick ben laden out of country and go to somalia , and if americans hadnt destroyed his asprin factory in somalia and forced somalia to kick ben laden he would not have come to afghanistan ...
NEG the breach of the british-polish-french agreement was the single greatest treachery in modern times . but i digress ... iirc uk history channel ran a program based on the newly released telegrams between roosvelt and churchill ... was very telling ... de gaul was very seriously in danger of being shot ...
POS i_pardon_u re your last sentence : this entire thread has so far been restricted to ` western ' art and although mistress raised social/cultural influences these were not explored beyond western ` limitations ' and indeed all the references to ` great ' art i the thread have been ` western ' , ie perhaps 20 % or less of the world . and yet in this so called era of ` globalisation ' surely communication via art should be simpler/more natural and provide greater ` meeting of minds ' than the communication of politics . you must be right about the arbitray selection of scales , be they 8 tone or 12 tone but i have no knowledge of wider global music - beyond indian music which was intially brought to me via the affinity between yehudi menhuin and ravi shankar , -LRB- apologies for any spelling errors -RRB- . your point about the ` social aspect ' of music is clear , and demonstrated in so many ways from being part of moods for celebrations or sad occasions etc but in these cases it is incidental to , even though in sympathy with , the main social event . so i continue to submit that music - and other art forms , are personal at a ` higher level ' - in terms of both the motivation of the originator and the ` meaning ' to the recipient . j
NEG the cia has so far refused to hand over control of iraq 's intelligence service to the newly elected iraqi government in a turf war that exposes serious doubts the bush administration has over the ability of iraqi leaders to fight the insurgency and worries about the new government 's close ties to iran . the director of iraq 's secret police , a general who took part in a failed coup attempt against saddam hussein , was handpicked and funded by the u.s. government , and he still reports directly to the cia , iraqi politicians and intelligence officials in baghdad said last week . immediately after the elections in january , several iraqi officials said , u.s. forces stashed the sensitive national intelligence archives of the past year inside american headquarters in baghdad in order to keep them off-limits to the new government .
NEG ????? where did you learn 2 % * 10 % = 20 % ??? it is 0.2 % or 20 basis points silly !
NEU ... i know ; i wish they would ! the media needs a good clearout of rot and pap . p.s. both your constitution threads were just closed on the uk board .
NEG maybe you should tell that to them . they believe they have some form of ` mandate ' from the people . it wo n't be long before they screw-up , and americans go off electing jorge bush iii . yes , the fulfilling politics of vindictiveness !
NEU an act of settlement made a lot of jacobites overnight .
NEG quote > that day cant come soon enough . let the jews come back to their rightful homeland if they want to -LRB- europe or us -RRB- . if they dont them let them remain as citizens of a free and secular palestinian state . what makes you say that the jews rightful homeland is the us or europe as opposed to israel ? are you not aware of history ?! as for a secular palestinian state - very unlikely - given the popularity of radical islamic groups it is very unlikely it will be a secular state .
NEU pps , found no evidence of ` deliberate distortion or culpable negligence ' in the treatment of pre-war intelligence . -LRB- butler report -RRB- .
POS that is a pretty bold statement , but i do give you kudos for at least having the strength of conviction to put an actual date stamp on your prediction . 20 days left for your prediction to come true .
NEU attempts to reduce this will fail unless more is done . so says a recent report at <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a> . we 've had had a go at schools , parents and government awareness campaigns but is it time for some sensible legislation , eg to reduce sweetie advertising , -LRB- as eg cigarettes -RRB- , to stop supermarkets stacking sweets by the check out and so on . the fact is that sweets/chocs etc are such huge business that ` voluntary measures ' by manufactures and retailers are unlikely to work . another freedom vs nanny state dilemma or common sense ? what is the relevant legislation in your country , if any ? j
NEU i enjoyed haifa during my short time at that port.can ' t remember which ship i was on as i was very , very drunk at the time .
NEG you say bush will spend # 6.5 bn . on the disater . in fact he will not spend a single penny . the belief that he will is a common misconception . there is many a slip between money allocated and cash recieved . poverty and need does not mean a deficiency in accommodation , food , water , transport or security . it means a financial deficit in cash . 10,000 people died in the hurricane . all of them were poor . no social worker died in the hurricane . it will cost # 7bn . to process the corpses and all that cash will go to the wealthy . # 1000 cash would have saved all their lives but none all of it would have gone to the poor . people are either concerned about poverty or gannets . nobody can be concerned about poverty and gannets . whatever food goes to a gannet does not get to the poor . nobody can have their cake and eat it . either the poor can be fed or the gannets who hang around them distributing `` services '' . all governments should produce properly audited accounts detailing the disparity between cash designated and cash recieved . poverty relief , broadly concieved , is grand larceny on a massive scale sustaining a flock of gannets half the size of the whole population and guess what ? they all happen to work in the public sector , the same sector which recieves the taxation distributed .
NEG grant , ne'er count on the yanks .
NEG pax , i 'm denying those noble treaties , however we are talking about some unclear definitions here under specific circumstance that collide with us rights and law . the most vexing is applying a definition and rules , in this case ' of whether or not the techniques used do or do not constitute torture and do conflict with the right to self defense from an imminent attack by terrorists .
NEG / / but brandon/parker was inferring that there was some sort of sinister jewish cabal -LRB- presumably including me -RRB- on this very message board / / it was reported that there are jewish cybersoldiers at work on the forums and naz 's post soon found its way up to one of the top jews -LRB- melanie phillips -RRB- who used her job to pressurise the bbc into removing it although they did not consider it to have broken any rules.it is sinister to subvert normal discussion on all the message boards and forums .
POS for making america so rich and powerful . thanks all ' you are the best and certainly know how to reward your favourite sons and daughters .
NEU heres one example that i expect is typical . i suppose it comes down to simple business logic . `` rural bank for micro-finance thp-malawi continues to disburse credit , especially through the existing revolving loan fund of awffi . the repayment rate of loans has improved tremendously . while men are trailing with a payback rate of 70 % , women , who receive most of the loans , have a payback rate of close to 95 % . we expect that by next year one or two of our rural banks qualify for government accreditation to operate as official financial institutions in malawi . '' <ahref="">
NEG no , she 's not . can we get a real muslim please ?!
NEG yes , lots of countries would not like to see iran get the bomb . not that that makes a scrap of difference to the question i asked you . the us is doing the sabre rattling and did issue a direct threat in the past . please have another go at answering the question .
NEU i suppose we could all try the orthodox jewish way , through an hole in the sheet .
NEG some of its members were donald rumsfeld , dick cheney , james woolsey , paul wolfowitz , richard perle , bill kristol , james bolton , zalmay m. khalilzad , william bennett , dan quayle , jeb bush . all very minor figures pete ?
NEG bleeding national pride . for india , ceding kashmir could lead to the break up of the country . other provinces , in particular the sikhs , will demand their independance also .
NEG `` maybe you can account for the brits emigrating ... could it be the weather ? the rising crime ? the high taxes ? the muslim / african / eastern european immigration stresses ? '' no j.j. whenever i 've asked , the reply has always been along the lines of : `` i 'm not living here any longer because our government has embroiled us in an ridiculously expensive illegal war , against the wishes of the majority of the electorate , started by that muppet in the white house ! ''
NEG how odd that upyerpipe 's original post is now currently being hidden . yet , considering that upyerpipe is in pre-mod , his original post would have been read , reviewed and approved for posting by a moderator . perhaps moderator vs. moderator disagreement ?
NEG `` placing a bet , colonel ? next thing you 'll be telling us you 've got an investment account with the woolwich and you finish your day with a hot toddy spiked with malt whisky '' . are muslims not allowed to place a bet , teresa meyer ? and yet the colonel did it anyway ? how about that colonel ? is it true ? how will you be punished ?
NEG `` what 's the point if everyone who points this out is dismissed as a ` whinger ' ? '' grant , you wo n't be dismissed as a whinger if you can provide substantive evidence of this alleged ` serious downhill slide'in us/uk relationships . but you have n't . your opinion piece specifically excludes britain from it 's main claims . `` do you really believe that relations have improved since that article was written five years ago ? '' no grant , in respect of us/uk relations i doubt that much has changed significantly in that time but since the article indicates good us/uk relations -LRB- that 's the british leader depicted alongside the us president -RRB- no change does n't amount to the ` serious downhill slide ' you have claimed . as is typical of you grant you have linked to an article without reading and understanding it . it uses unnamed sources which you grant have said should always be condemned . do you condemn their use in this article grant , yes or no ? it acuses american of ` impressive ignorance ' . do you agree with it grant , yes or no ? most significantly grant you yourself have declared this article out of date . in a previous feeble attempt to show a ` serious downhill slide ' in us/uk relations -LRB- another occasion when you failed to read and understand the article you linked to -RRB- you claimed french and german relations with the us were very good . now grant , do you think things have improved for relations between the us and france and germany since the article , yes or no ? `` prove it ! '' i do n't need to i 'm not the one claiming any great change , you are . now can you prove it ? `` it 's difficult to believe how very stupid you brits have become over the past couple of generations ! '' ha , ha , ha ! poor grant , has got his knickers in a twist .
NEG <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a> computer chipmaker intel has been fined a record 1.06 bn euros -LRB- $ 1.45 bn ; # 948m -RRB- by the european commission for anti-competitive practices . it dwarfs the 497m euro fine levied on microsoft in 2004 for abusing its dominant market position . the commission found that between 2002 and 2007 , intel had paid manufacturers and a retailer to favour its products . the investigation followed a complaint by the world 's second-biggest chipmaker advanced micro devices -LRB- amd -RRB- . the commission said that acer , dell , hp , lenovo and nec had been given hidden rebates if they only used intel chips . ouch .
NEU that is n't the point . the point is that they publicly rent the site out but are explicitly limiting that to specific groups . if another camp site refused to rent their site to any christians , i 'm sure this group would be among the first to complain . the root question is whether we want to kind of stratified society where each subgroup lives and works in their own little world . how could they ? there are homosexuals and christians throughout society - it would be impossible for them to avoid each other . most christians -LRB- and most homosexuals -RRB- have come to accept that and a fair few people are both .
NEG yawn always the same anti-american drivel from the usual suspect btw , how is your buddy bin laden ? still alive ?
NEG you obvioulsy have no idea what george bush is like . just your media induced paranoia .
NEG is this thread still wheezing on ? i thought i 'd killed it on message 2 !!
NEU what do you think of the guardian btw ?
NEG perhaps isr , it would help if you stopped infantilising the afghans .
NEG `` everywhere but quebec , dear '' . darn ! i 'm going to miss her .
NEG ad hom cop out . if you think you 're too clever for this board , then join one on mensa 's website . i second the request : please explain that comment .
NEG there is no relation . everyone except for those who willingly chose not to know , knew what will happen in iraq under occupation .
NEG i 'm not sure you and the others understand . the grand mufti angle , -LRB- and all your other propaganda angles -RRB- has no impact on anyone . my enemys enemy is my friend ? look at who britain have teamed up with in the past , and the damage we have caused . including palestine . palestine was wiped off the map . what year did the mufti meet hitler ? the holocaust wasnt suggested until about december 1941 , according to jewish holocaust experts . like i say though , this along with most of the other hate propaganda has no impact . probably makes western subliminally pro-israeli neutral gentiles more sympathetic to pals .
NEU royal and zax : palin is not a religious nutcase . you are resorting to name-calling with absolutely no evidence . palin is constantly being misrepresented by the media and the left . rather than just repeating what you you 've been told by the god 's of media , please explain how you believe she is a `` religious nutcase . ''
NEG it has now come out , on newnight last night , that britain supplied israel with ` heavy water ' to help them build nuclear weapons . infact , britain sold it for vast amounts of money . apparently the usa knew nothing of this . it is now believed , according to the same program , that terrorists are soon to be in possession of nuclear weapons . vanunu was right when he said the world should be freed from these wmd . i fear it is too late now .
NEG as from today , angela merkel takes over her role as chancellor of germany . she is going to have a difficult time . already knicknamed the iron-lady , merkel has announced cuts in pensions for civil-servants and the highest increase in vat in germanys history . the heads the grand coalition and is disliked by many .
NEG message posted by zebras viewpoint the pope sees his flock slipping away - and his outbursts will only see more of his flock exiting the vatican pastures ------- maybe you should ban religion ? que f1 .
NEG and what ` irrational domestic agenda ' was that ? the one which led to the sustained economic boom we see there today ? can you prehaps compare the us with the more ` rational ' european agendas and demonstrate where you 're better off ? i 'm really keen to hear your explanation for the ` root causes ' of international terrorism . there has n't been enough of these poorly thought out cliches coming from that area of the world for the last day or so .
NEG it was pointed out on an american tv network , that when this and chavez spoke in the un , many of the seats were empty . in some cases only the lowest member of each delegation was present to hear what either men had to say . mind you those who did say applauded cahvez as he finished , but that was propably like listening to an alan bennnett monologue .
NEG that `` choice '' is technically known as `` sedition '' and people are executed for it . if the uk cares so much , then why do n't they just go back and re-draw those borders again like they did 100 years ago -LRB- when they had a real military force -RRB- .
NEG let me get this right , israel buys weapons from the u.s. with the american money given to them as aid , israel then turns around and sells her own built weapons to china and in the past south africa . do i read you correctly ? if so macbeth 's `` o , what a web we weave when try to deceive '' comes to mind .
NEU the above writing of colonel confirms my point , that socialism and islam are so similar . non-believers `` will be delt with '' ------------------------------------------------- was it stalin or lenin or karl marx who went up all the way to dagistan in the early yrs of the socialist movment and seeked helped from the muslims ???? every system or belief and their followers will always come to muslims ... . you know why ? because islam is the only religon that does not tolarate oppression and cherish freedom ... do you know why ? because our g-d detest people who oppress ... its unacceptable to him ...
NEG by the way news just in that rita has now become a category 4 hurricane .
NEU said one of the forum 's four horsemen of the apocalypse ...
NEG rather numbing watching this unfold on tv all over again . it looked like absolute chaos watching 10,000 dawson students fleeing that campus then wondering panicked around the city trying to find their friends . lets hope those kids on life support will pull through .
NEU good point . based on the posts under the carl-jones and john-salisbury names , we can leave the three ks to united kkkingdom and denmarkkk . enjoy .
NEG missippi so tonys proposal of encouraging posative discrimination against jews because they control the world economy is no longer enough now murder is the only solution its just a shame that we are in the 21 century and we still have people who think this way
NEG and the same ismail khan the war criminal who looted the un truck conveys ... that is the guy you are willing to trust ??? he is nothing but a liar , a criminal and murderer ... just like his counter parts in usa and uk ...
NEG it 's amazing . 100 + people dead - of all nationalities - and all handyman can do is provoke an argument about israel .
NEU i hope they outsource the war with iran to israel . we 'll be coughing up the tax funds for the irac one for years to come .
NEG cost me ten quid to call us embassy to complain my check was late !
NEG ally !!! how could you insinuate such a think about madonna ? . she would never ever do anything just for the publicity . ever . a lady with such a heart ? . never ! . not a multi-millionairesse whose backing guitarist of 28 years died of poverty and neglect in a public hospital .
NEG / / / / / yes but why do you support israel ? are you attracted to people who hi-jacked someone else 's country ? / / / / / / lol !!! that is very funny ! why do people support palestinians ? do they support terrorism and groups with charters to ethnically cleanse jews from israel ?
POS quite right green day .
NEG a country which forced the inhabitants to leave it by hook or by crook should be banned from taking any refugees.whats more sudan should keep any eye on israel or else it will steal sudaneese citizens just to fill its own diffuse and ever changing borders .
NEG iraq was not a threat to the usa you are wrong right there , so no need to go further .
NEG you begger belief mcneil . just sneer down that nose of yours , but ohj if it were a jew suffering , now that would be differant
NEU tony , islam will not win peace through rockets or suicide bombs . the dust will settle from all this a week after it is over and israel will be the darling of the west again as soon as the next suicide bomb goes off in our countries . you know this to be true . you wo n't admit it because you are deluding yourself into thinking any of this makes the blindest bit of difference . nobody really hates israel in the west . as soon as the drama is over , back to normal . everyone still hates islamic terror . they always will . you can not win . you can only win through diplomacy as the west will never give in to terror
NEG piltdown ` the us signed a convention outlawing all chemical weapons in 1972 . ' yes but this is another of those moot points , like napalm and white phophorous etc , ie the use of the chemical is not specifically aimed at people , eg the dioxin example was to clear forestation . people become ` collateral damage ' or ` should not be in the area ' or should not eat the fish or drink the water or eat the plants etc contaminated by dioxin , depleted uranium etc. nor should civilians be around when cluster bombs are used , nor should children play with them , nor should people , especially civilians and children step on land mines which are only sown to kill the enemy , and so on and so on . i suspect we have a long way to go in controlling some of the more horrendous weapons of war . j
NEU the americans always lie ... ... . . just as funny .
NEU i suported that war . an illegal act of aggression by saddam 's army needed to be repelled . likewise i supported iran when iraq invaded .
NEG the big winner is iran . the big loser is the bush/blair/neo-con / israeli doctrine of using overwhelming military force to deal with `` terrorists '' . iran has won both in gaza , lebanon and iraq , precisely because there is democracy there . iran supports organizations that have popular support . the governments there can not say : we do n't like the groups supported by iran -LRB- perhaps under presure from the us -RRB- , so we are going to close them down . that can only happen in egypt , jordan and in saudi arabia . iran has also validated their military doctrine . hezbollah 's military wing was trained by iran and they performed pretty well against israel . also , the bunkers designed by iran were able to withstand israeli bombardments . this means that iran 's revolutionary guard would perform well in a war against the us . if the us attacks iran , then that will trigger a repeat of the lebanon war , but now on a much larger scale . iran will fire missiles at the oil installations in the gulf . the us will try to stop that using air power , but that wo n't work . they would then have no choice but to invade iran . ultimately the us will be forced to sign a humiliating cease fire with iran .
POS a cowboy going to india . i hope he is aware of the difference .
NEG i ca n't help you then , sorry .
NEG dunno , to get away from a terrorist attack ?
NEG lol , do you ever stop boo hoo'ing ?
NEG bogus ? perhaps , except for the glaring reality that all three situations hold one thing in common : islam . these people are in a social and mental `` ghetto '' due to islam . turkey will be rejected due to islam . the people prodi is expressing fear of practice islam .
NEG docu , yes bigots exist everywhere . you say modern arabs are doing alright . well only for the first reason you gave , which was oil . resort tourism ? be serious . all other ` industries ' -LRB- including terrorism -RRB- are financed from that sole resource . mr benz has much to answer to for empowering so many unwholesome people , regimes and their oppressive systems and ambitions . look , israel is a democracy whose military actions have been born of defence of their nation against the rancorous hostilities of their arab neighbours and the wider islamic world . so many rush to condemn israel as if it had some kind of imperialist agenda . of course nothing is further from the truth , and to claim otherwise is the true province of bigots .
NEU it 's time to take the gloves off and come out swinging .
NEG yes mohammed . seen any good stonings recently , up blackburn way . ow about a crane job strangulation . there 's nowt like a good strangulation before a black-puddin breakfast lad .
NEG > > they 've kinda made it about poverty . > > the issue is , is poverty at the route of the terrorism we see from pakistan and or the islamists ? not do we wish to get rid of poverty , i think most right thinking people would wish to do that . as for hugo chavez check the inflation figure in venezuala , what does 28 % inflation do to the poor ? as for evo morales , he is a 100 % racist , he dresses up his racism as marxist ideology . his hatred is for settlers and could not give a mump about indigenous indians well being .
NEG being pale but interesting , i continually bleat about the heat . i can only guess what it would be like if i shared an office with nikki from big brother whose hatred of air con is now bordering on the legendary .
NEU democracy is democracy ! if the us + israel believe in true democracy , they must respect the palestinian votes.it doesn  t matter if they chose hamas . they simply expressed their true feelings and gave their votes . israel had its irgun and gang stern led by pm manahem begin that used terrorist actions in order to force the creation of israel in palestine . or it will look a double standards !
NEG it looks like its purpose is spam `` complaints '' people may think its a reliable site and then feel duped
NEG / / the holocaust was the deliberate decision by the nazis to kill millions of their own citizens because they were jewish . / / they killed all kinds.the nazis did n't like any non-aryans , which includes black people , chinese people etc etc.they were even quite disparaging about russians.in germany they just found a scapegoat for losing world war i.it happened to be jewish people but it could have been any ` immigrant ' group that was handy.we see this type of thinking on these boards from the right-wingers who seem to blame immigrants for all of britain 's ills . / / the holocaust was really very different / / that 's where we disagree.minority groups are often scapegoated.it happens all the time .
NEG i guess you would rather we were all into islamist boot-licking , but its not going to happen .
NEU < < perhaps other papers that advertised/reported this falsehood may now consider doing the right thing and publishing corrections of their own , if they have n't already done so . > > perhaps mugabe 's supporters in this country would care to explain how all the t.v. reports we see of him being cheered by his `` supporters '' in zimbabwe make them look so cowed and reluctant.rather like those cheering the communist leaders used to look . of course , i expect you 'll say it 's all a plot and mugabe really is the saviour of africa .
POS hi john-wragg , i could almost picture the kreschev/macmillan exchange . in that case yes , i totally agree . put downs can be devastatingly more effective than a simple `` why do n't you **** off ... ? '' however - in the kitchen ... drop an egg ... it 's your last one ... you bang your head , stub your toe ... you 're not looking to have a witty discourse , you just want to explosively vent your anger . in that situation , a bit of swearing lets out a lot of the aggression .
NEU brings a whole new meaning to 7up !!!
NEU fripono , poll : 1/4 of uk muslims support bombers new poll says about a quarter of british muslims sympathise with the motives of the london bombers , if not their methods . and the survey in london 's daily telegraph shows one-third of british muslims believe western society is immoral . the poll asked muslims if they felt the july the 7th suicide attacks in which 56 peopled died were justified , and six per cent said they were . 71 per cent said they were n't justified at all , and 11 per cent said they were n't justified on balance . but asked whether they had sympathy with the feelings and motives of the four british muslim bombers , 13 per cent said they had a lot of sympathy and another 11 per cent had a little . a similar poll for the sun newspaper showed 91 per cent of the muslim respondents did n't feel the suicide bombings were justified by the islamic holy book , the koran . <ahref="">
NEG the beeb needs to implement captcha . looking at my posting history , i suspect i 've been hacked too
NEU what has this to do with uk news ?
NEG the gasgoine : turbulent and intoxicating , with optional watersports .
NEG cafta . now there is hafta ... hafta to go from mexico to the u.s. to get a job because the nafta and cafta jobs went to china !
NEG holocaust is not a new word , jihadi is a slur , so was mohammadans , and so is islamists . i suggest you do some reaserch on the meaning of holocaust from the jewish point of view . the word holocaust that everyone uses , actually is not neutral , its a jewish word . words are neutral , the image they create is subjective .
NEG boydavey , it is my belief that there are people at work doing their level best to undermine our alliance . as if we dont have enough problems ... but i do think our medias play a role , and i think the bbc is considerably guilty of this . this debate regarding kyoto - were the constitutional legalities ever once mentioned in articles as to why the presidents -LRB- polar opposites like clinton and bush -RRB- of the us didnt sign ? have states rights ever been mentioned or is that new information for you ? -LRB- not being antagonistic , just wondering -RRB- . i sometimes think the intracacies of our government and separation of powers are confusing to our european cousins , -LRB- no not a comment on intelligence -RRB- simply because the easy article and the one that will get the most notice , is the one that claims that we are anti-environment , not ` world team ' players , imperialistic , capitalist pigs with no care for the world around us . so the core of the matter is glossed over and reduced to impressive sound bites and catch phrases that further the divide . what started out , -LRB- i am guessing -RRB- as a movement to assert the eu as a world power , akin to the us , has instead had the effect of empowering muslims worldwide into thinking that europe literally hates americans . unfortunatley , travelling there and reading a lot of foreign press has had the same effect on a lot of americans .
NEG no , i am not . why is there this assumption that raising some perfectly legitimate questions of israeli policy means you are a racist ?
NEG his lawyer argues that abu hamza , the sheikh of hate that was sent to prison for seven years for preaching hate , should be released as he was convicted under victorian laws that do not apply to foreigners . <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a> ok - no problem , let 's let him out of jail . there is , however , an extradition warrant from the usa for him ... i wonder how the americans would treat him ?
NEG if you dont like isrealians i can use the term jews from now on . the jews are fighting against hezbollah .
NEU the board is constantly discussing the issue of freedom and human rights and islamic countries . can you please not use your standard tactic of changing the subject to avoid a tough question or debate , your free to start another post if you want to discuss those issues .
NEU read the question . i asked you why they would disguise themselves as civillians .
NEG / / / / / looks like obama is getting fed up with poor wee israel . / / / / / well so many times , tsarion , the arabs attacked ` poor wee israel ' and each time took a massive beating . so , if israel is `` poor '' and `` wee '' does n't this suggest how tiny the arab nations and terrorists surrounding it ? does n't it illustrate hos impotent and insignificant the palestinians are if israel is `` poor wee israel '' ? context is enlightening tsarion . let us see you defend your point . hello ! hello , are you there ?
NEU `` well your figures are way out laughlaughlaughlaughlaughlaugh '' my apologies for your confusion , a-hart . i meant , of course , how many of those 1.6 million muslims throughout the world support terrorism . what percentages do you have in order to support your claim that it is only a handful ? what makes you think i am prejudiced against anyone who is n't prejudiced against me ?
NEG message posted by danish `` please don  t blame hamas , but the israeli apartheid policy that radicalized peaceful palestinians '' tony how would you describe the policies of israel 's neighbours that refuse palistinians citizenship , jobs and human rights ? apartheit perchance ?
NEG `` the litany of crimes against humanity by contempory religious extremists is a long one . lets not get into a petty debate of which one is longer '' . why not ? in fact we should be debating just that rather than ignoring it . which religion do you think is most associated with contemporary terrorism ? `` which religion was invloved in the air india bombing grant ? canadians died didnt they grant ? our fellow citizens '' . sikhs , and the trial was a farce . but that was then and we 're dealing with another religion now . had sikh terrorism continued then we should be condemning them also .
NEU they should n't have one . if there are two countries just behind iran that should n't have nuclear weapons its pakistan and india . unfortunately pakistan was allowed to build the bomb . the israelis tried to prevent this , as did the indians but pakistan kept their programne secret for too long and by then it was too late . i do know of an interesting israeli attempt to stop this though .
NEG way of life ? that would indicate it is the daily norm . do you know how many total high schools and universities there are in the us ? yes , these events are tragic , but certainly not the norm . if that were the case or if it were a `` way of life '' you would hear about it happening a dozen times a year . not a few times over the course of a dozen years . to say something is both yearly and annual is redundant . but please provide the factual data to back this up . please list the last 10 years lets say and list the `` way of life '' school shootings for each of those years . as i understand it , youth violence is on the rise in the europe - specifically in the uk where its being reported that gangs are becoming increasingly violent and beginning to use more handguns . are you saying your government does not allow you to assess your own mental stability ? how do they stop you ? have they implanted surveillance chips into your brain ? which is why you no doubt felt the need to be on your soap-box about it . and you make this statement on a poll that you conducted amongst `` most americans '' data gathered from the same poll no doubt ?
NEG `` ethnic cleansing '' , `` apartheid '' ! what 's the matter stuck for `` atrocity '' ? '' no because for me words have meaning . avigdor liberman for example is an outspoken supporter of ethnic cleansing and other `` treatments '' -LRB- involving busses -RRB- and he is israel 's deputy pm is n't he . `` perhaps you could start by explaining how israel is an apartheid state with between 1.3 and 1.6 million israeli arabs . '' er what is your point . sa had millions of blacks . you ca n't have apartheid without someone to be apartheid against . the point is that the extreme gang who form the israeli government -LRB- whose nominal head is facing rape charges , whose pm is up against corruption and whose deputy pm is known even in his own country as a supporter of ethnic cleansing -RRB- distinguish and give different rights to jewsih and non-jewish citizens . the palestinians have no rights at all , though they are compelled to pay israeli taxes etc no israeli even disputes this . `` did you see the arab/palestinian supporters injured while rioting in jerusalem ? they were treated by israeli medics and hospitals . how does that fit with apartheid ? '' do you know how many non-jews are allowed to join the israeli police force ? do you know who the head of the force is and all the senior officers ? do you know non-jewish citizens of jerusalem are being slowly ethnically cleansed fromt he city . perhaps you should try learning something .
NEG coppeliadee that is not true . the media is in the hands of jews as ropert murduch , in the us and britain . arabs has only al jazira , that restricted by the zionists west .
POS oh good - we have n't woken them up
NEU `` i wonder if this is how admiral horatio nelson got to be leader of the british fleet and win the battle of trafalgar , thereby securing maritime piece for a further 110 years ? '' i think you mean peace but i get your point and you are quite wrong . britian and other nations fought plenty of naval engagements after trafalgar and before the 1st ww .
NEU see ya tony . was lovely to see you moping yesterday on stage ! music to my ears . off you go
POS thank you .
POS i hope you stayed clear of people then , especially women and kids . good luck .
NEU i do n't know why the catholic hierarchy crucifies itself with this decades-long sex obsession -LSB- ever since the advent of easily available contraception for all -RSB- . in developed countries contraception is used by almost all catholics -LSB- else why would family size be so low -RSB- . my -LSB- catholic -RSB- mother - in all other respects fully observant - used contraception from the early 1950s on to limit her family to 2 without feeling her adopted faith compromised . the hierarchy here has had to turn a very blind eye to lay practice and the laity has had to make its own peace with god about this , sidestepping the clergy . focus on this issue has undermined the authority of the church and attempting to shore it up in africa is going to fail too . talk about flogging a dead horse . the use of condoms in the context of aids is a health issue and could be justified even by the catholic hierarchy on that basis - any contraceptive effect being an ` unfortunate ' side-effect , just as - say - treatment for cancer might involve a person becoming sterile as a side effect . no-one argues that they should n't be treated for cancer on account . aids is just as deadly .
NEG i certainly am familiar with the responses , general . they are trotted out frequently and repeated ad infinitum as though they have some sound reasoning behind them . it is better if we were to tackle those issues individually though , and perhaps have a greater perspective on what happened . of course all these picayunities are secondary to the important central issue , which was to take out saddam hussein . no wmd 's first . it was not only tony blair who believed saddam had wmds . you do know that , right ? but do you also know that it was incumbent on saddam hussein to demonstrate openly that he not have wmd ? that he had to comply with the un resolutions ? that he comply with the restrictions brought in after gulf 1 ? that he must allow unfettered access to inspections ? that he had wmd in the past , used it in the past and was intent on developing wmd ? let 's look at this issue first and then move on , ok ??
NEU no more french jokes viva l \ a france
NEU i have n't seen a jew saying that : `` if i kill palestinians , my god will give me 72 virgins . ''
NEG `` not quite . they are obviously looking for an out from their wishywashyness . this is better expalined in the same article . '' an out for there `` wishywashyness '' ?? can you be more specific because your article doesnt explain . the only thing i would disagree with in that quote is the suggestion that they were `` worried '' . `` so `` some '' complained and perhaps muslims and jews as well . but it seems to not have been a big deal from a nation of many millions . '' big enough deal for the asa to investigate . then there is this funny chap . presumably he agrees with every other advert on every bus he drove . <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 2/hi / ... </a>
NEG why should only zionists hate the iranian government . it is offensive to anyone with any respect for the human race .
NEG gar , is it a controversial statement ? i thought he was proud of his role as a basiji instructor . i ca n't find any reference on amnesty international but that proves nothing . am i actually wrong about the nature of his involvement wioth the basiji ?
NEU i love the way you people always seem to think that it 's you who did the uncovering . it was n't . it was some of those americans who have exposed the lies .
NEG well thats your opinion and the israelis opinion . the palestinians believe it belongs to them so the hatred and fighting will never stop .
NEU did you know according to un resolution 194 you only had to live their for two years to be classed as a refugee
POS great teresa ! i have a friend on this board now ! because i love all the same things too ... regards .
NEG it 's true of the uk under blair.this is not a government with any principle.we 've only just stopped discussing his absolution of tessa jowell .
NEU <ahref=""> they say that imitation is the most sincere form of flattery so who 's knocking the wall
NEG i 'm from scotland not ireland selector . scots drink whisky ... but not this one . i ca n't stand the stuff . now , is there any chance of you properly addressing the points raised in msg 10 viz a viz that you ca n't blame the west or britain for the poor management skills of your ? countrymen and the fact that the few remaining white farmers who of course do have good management skills are not having such a dandy time as you would have us believe ?
NEU really ? where ?
NEG who needs to have a link to know that idf is an army of religious people ? all jewish . whose only duty is to kill the palestinians , or occupy the land for the euro-and americans jews , to come and live freee in settlements .
NEG i did n't think so , here you go - likud likud spokeswoman , iris says that the likud party stresses the state of israel 's democratic identity with full equality for all its citizens . previous elections : approximately 11 % of the likud 's votes came from the arab sector . forecast for upcoming elections : the same this is an opinion piece on a zionist website , whilst there is an element of truth in it , it is very much over played . rubbish , it 's a report into a study by haifa university : the study , based on a representative sample of israeli arabs -LRB- 700 face-to-face interviews -RRB- and on interviews with 85 arab public personalities found that the leadership is much more radical than its voters . it then goes on to break down the different findings from the study , some of which i have already highlighted . come on , it 's not that difficult to understand the written word , or the typed word for that matter .
NEU term limits , anyone ?
NEG that 's precisely it.as long as the us veto any attempts by the un to act against the israeli crimes then they will do what they like .
NEG they did not vote for the appeasers . if you remember the right wing government tried to blame eta , and the people knew they were lying . the islamic jihad literature , al queda tapes , and arabic messages might have had something to do with it . only fools would have supported such a government , who lied to their people and presented false intelligence . oh , i 've just remembered - blair 's dodgy dossier , and bush 's presentation .
NEG john mne . thanks for your illuminating post . i now realise only muslims kill fellow muslims in times of war and conflict . let 's face it the 1939-1945 and 1914-1918 world wars where nearly 50 million people died were also muslim killing muslim , plus the spanish civil war , falklands war and a few others were muslim only affairs . what 's your point poindexter ?
NEU / / / / / / yes , of course anything positive about the israeli people has to be dismissed as propaganda . / / / / / / look at the title of this thread , grant , which is also the headline of the linked media article . does it say `` israel treats young iranian cancer sufferer '' or something like that ? no it does n't . it , and the linked article is a challenge to iran 's president . i 'm not making a negative judgement here on the israeli medics or the israelie of iranian extraction who made this possible - that was good humanitarian work - but i think it is fair comment to say that this thread and the associated media articles are propaganda .
NEG hi mistressofmydomain ** , mistressofmydomain quote : `` glad to see our friends to the north are wondering about the hypocricy of the us not going to darfour but have failed to wonder at the hypocricy of the un with sudan on the human rights commission . '' not `` friends to the north '' but one equivalent of a euro lefty in toronto . he is not speaking for all canadians but just our `` anti all things american '' loonies . by the way i would take him apart myself but its close to 8:00 in the sandbox and time to head home . besides you guys doing a pretty good job of bashing him on your own . warmest regards , smoker
NEG i will condemn suicide bombings of course , but i will also condemn the israelis when they kill palestinians . my condemnation will always include both anyway , enough of your deflection . as i said , i am half iraqi and i am more concerned about the invaders in iraq more than the conflict between the pals and israelis . i 'll leave that to you and your fellow israeli fanatics
NEG let 's say los angeles is hit - obliterated - gone . would you be one of those who would prefer it if the us did nothing ? what if london was hit ? and when did we go to war with iran ?
POS oh i see . . right ... ok
NEG yeh , lets criticise america . lets not bother to criticise indonesia or saudi arabia . yeh !!!
NEG looks unlikely to me . syria does not have a strong military force . in case of war , iran will target the british base in basra and us bases elsewhere in iraq using missiles .
NEG `` despite concerns '' ??? what can they possibly expect ? it seems those `` changes '' bho promised might be coming to pass but they 'll probably limit him to one term as a result .
NEG george tenet has aired out the dirty drawers of the bush administration in his book `` at the center of the storm . '' the ex-cia chief takes the blame for the erroneous national intelligence estimate in 2002 that was used to justify the iraq invasion . `` remember , when you write an estimate , when you estimate , you 're writing what you do n't know , '' he said . `` in retrospect , we got it wrong partly because the truth was so implausible . '' tenet reveals the bush administration had already concluded iraq was going to face consequences before the estimate was finished in 2002 . he recalls running into richard perle at the white house on sept. 12 , 2001 . perle `` said to me , ` iraq has to pay a price for what happened yesterday , they bear responsibility . i remember thinking to myself as i 'm about to go brief the president , ` what the hell is he talking about ? '' ' he also writes `` there was never a serious debate that i know of within the administration about the imminence of the iraqi threat . '' tenet claims dick cheney wanted to `` handpick '' iraq 's leaders after saddam 's fall and limit the country 's involvement . this was despite proclaiming publicly that establishing a democratic government was among the reasons for the invasion . cheney and pentagon officials pushed for a ruling coalition that included ahmed chalabi , kurdish leaders and exiled hussein opponents `` rather than risking an open-ended political process that americans could influence but not control , they wanted to be able to limit the iraqis ' power and handpick those iraqis who would participate . you had the impression that some office of the vice president and dod reps were writing chalabi 's name over and over again in their notes , like schoolgirls with their first crush , '' tenet writes . <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a> <ahref=""> <ahref="">
NEU < < < the date for planned run on banks is april 17 2009 > > > you mean the 17 th of april 2009 perhaps ? .
NEG `` i notice that sch 's comment did not include the number injured in gun massacres in american schools . '' i just do n't get it . ca n't you and the others simply say how utterly horrific it is for kids at schools to hurt anyone instead of throwing entire cultures under the bus ? what purpose does that really serve besides the old `` beating ones chest ranting out loud '' ?
NEG `` did you happen to check out `` georgia cowardly dumps its military hardware '' ? '' nope , grant ... got stucked in reading their forum , very funny . btw , speakin of what i ` ve seen on other russian -LRB- russian language -RRB- sites recently - ex-military fellas criticizing this latest georgian adventure for exposing malfunctioning of regular russian army . they failed some basics , like taking out anti-aircraft georgian fire-power , russian troop losses too high considering the superiority in numbers over georgia etc. if one doesnt speak russian he/she misses half of the fun internet can bring !
POS strangely enough , the grandchildren have embraced both cultures , i believe that to be my doing !
NEG `` as far as the iraqi casualty figure it is a max 61,840 civilian casualties caused by military intervention '' ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . well , that 's ok then . gw cretin will only face 61,840 murder charges .
NEU `` i doubt even bush 's most zealous supporters would agree that his political career was helped along by nepitism - at least to some degree '' . the family name was probably helpful in order to get started but after that he had to prove himself , just as they all do . his father only completed one term while the son served two .
NEG what difference does it make whether the book is a religious tome ? george bush fervently refers to freedumb and damnocrasy when his marine massacre civilians , perhaps we should ban all of that ?
NEG > > sean , if the location was perfect there would n't be a problem would there ? instead it requires a lot of military activity to hold onto it , which strikes me as less than perfect . < < so what are you saying , because its not perfect they should give it up ?
POS at least the smileys still work !!!
NEG kind of nice , though , of ia-jamo to say so . not many around here prepared to be as honest as that . in fact , i remember this mb lining up to condemn , so convinced were they of a different verdict . they 've all mostly , typically , hypocritically , now switched to condemning the jury for not putting him to death . thanks . that was a brave move , ia-jamo .
NEG that 's a no then .
NEG about a decade earlier to be exact . in his speech to congress on october 3 , 1945 president truman warned that nukes in evil and ignorant hands would inflict unspeakable horrors upon mankind .
NEU i believe the questioned answered was `` how many women and children has israel kidnapped ? '' of course , the honest answer is none .
NEG but it 's the governments telling the military who is bad - not vice versa . ? what a ridiclus argument , we were told to do it by government , we do n't think for ourselves . . thats a lame excuse for the destrution of hundreds of thousands of innocents do n't you think ? i think you 'll find elemets of the military and intellegence servies make thier own laws , i.e `` operation gladio '' . running operations without government consent .
NEG do you mean the bbc part of the world where right wing tubes call the bbc lefties , liberals , pinko , commies and fanatic left wingers call them tools of the establishment ? as for the president of karbul he should move his arse and get on the heroin trail as pruduction has doubled since the ` liberation '
NEU would you like to see the same thing happen to america ?
NEG almost as poorly is factually correct , but irrelevant . you are either going to deal with the thinly veiled attack on an entire nations education or you can join the mud slinging with purile arguments , that actually enforce the original childish argument of the entire thread .
NEU i attribute it to what i argued above . in spite of talk about the beauty of diversity in the world , i think many people fear difference . many in the us like sports that those in other parts of the world do not understand . rather than simply accept that people in other parts of the world have other preferences , these people hate the differences . not liking things you are not familiar with is typcially called prejudice . i think it is telling that we in the us understand and accept that soccer is popular abroad , while many abroad are simply unable to accept it is not all that popular in the us .
NEU as a human righ watch activist and danish muslim , i have the obligation to defend those palestinians who have no voice on this board , or even in any place . it is time for israel to stop dreaming , and come to reality in order to live in peace in the heart of the arab world . i am anit-semitic , but yes,anti-zionist ! you know the diffrence don  t you ?
NEU us iraq study group is selling out israel . they want israel to give up the golan one of the incentives to syria for helping the us .
NEG ianpeter abbas 's condemnation is sickening considering he recently passed a lwa granting the families of suicide bombers monthly compensation . and israel 's responce ? olmert says he 's ready to hold final status negotiations ! probably an election ploy - i hope . otherwise it looks like israel 's to be led by another incompetent left wing gov ` t.
NEG `` by the way , lacewing , do you have any quotes from any of these people to support what you say ? did you know that there are muslims who are at war with you ? '' look on the bnp 's and other similar organisations websites , grant - you 'll see what i mean . well , some muslims may like to think they at war with me - if that 's the case i treat them like i treat any other religious nutters - i just treat them as deranged criminal lunatics . you in effect make sane their insanity by arguing against them on their own terms . your hero dubya played their game by declaring war on them - a fat lot of good that has done .
NEG gothicdumster ` your lot tried the same trick on galloway , btw , and he 's still there , more popular by the minute , while your zionist bootlickers like blair are on the way out ... lol ' was n't blair re-elected despite the war ? was n't bush re-elected ? was n't australias john howard re-elected ? when was gallows-this-way george elected into office ? next you 'll be saying the mcb isa respectable organisation .
NEU `` steady on there ! i do n't think there 's any support for terrorism nor killing innocent people including women and children in any holy book of any religion '' . if you 're not familiar with the koran just withdraw from any debate , but do n't draw incorrect assumptions on something with which you obviously know nothing about . in fact there are many such references in the koran , and a little research would tell you as much .
NEG stuart ` it 's certainly one of the theories doing the rounds , along with theory that the boy was n't even killed . ' i have n't heard this theory or read about it anywhere . have you got a link ? ` what was i saying about wacko theories ? ' again , a simple question . who gains more when palestinian children are victims ? what does israel gain ? nothing . whereas for the palestinians its a huge propoganda score . the fact is that the palestinians kill their own for propoganada and the al-dura incident simply exposes this .
NEG it 's jail not a holiday camp
POS i agree with you . it seems an intelligent tourist industry allows its guests to either immerse fully , in part , or not , depending upon the guest . that is why the ugly american charges have always confused me . by the way , i became a vegetarian living in hong kong in the late '80s . there were many very good - and very chinese - buddhist and secular vegetarian restaurants on lantau island where i stayed . at that time , china had few places to match even average hong kong restaurants . i imagine that has changed over the past 16 years .
NEG clutching at what straws ? i was questioning your statement as for sharing the same family name . do you know common that name is ? do you know where both mens families come from ? you do your cause no favours by inventing facts .
NEG so we can attack anybody we dont like ? _______________________________ yes , we can pre-emptively attack someone who threatens world peace wrt the western world . someone from the me might think that about western countries or israel . its just that we have bigger and better weapons and so we will pre-empt any ideas they have . as opposed to a neo conservative christian fundementalist country . . ___________________________ they like it that way . that 's called democracy .
NEG almost 70 % of americans disapprove of what bush is doing in iraq . if they all emailed and phoned their senators and congressmen demanding the impeachment of the oil grabbing warmonger in the white house or they wo n't get voted back next time i think they would listen . dirty dickie nixon was forced to resign because he was a liar , and since bush 's lies have caused many thousands of innocent deaths he surely deserves imoeachment at least , before he goes to jail .
NEG its simply enough to state that the palestinians never implemented the first act of the roadmap . roadmap is n't a parallel process its a sequence . the sequence starts with the palestinians renouncing terrorism and incitement and disarming the terrorists . since they never did that then they killed the roadmap . i do n't have to refute anything else .
NEG i 'd defend zebra against accusations of bigotry . his problem is , in rumsfeld-speak , he does n't know what he does n't know . unfortunately , that 's quite a lot in his case .
NEG so , now its danmark , canada and russia involved . the most amusing is to see russia claiming its ownership over n. pole resources -LRB- thats the real issue , i believs -RRB- . could it be because russia is short of natural resources ? nahhh ... c ` mon , that 1/6th of dry-land has never been short of about anything . or , could it be - because russia is unable to create any other added value , than pumping natural resources ? that sounds reasonable . kill the competition in process , bear with nukes has endless appetite ...
NEU `` i am overjoyed that the gazans may have freedom at last and look at the vast land of egypt where they could make new homes and spread out a little . '' maybe they should be allowed to live in their historic homeland , or perhaps that privilege is only valid for jews in your book ?
NEU < < what racism > > nice one fwp .
POS yes that must be it .
NEG your enemy and mine - islam
NEU i said it loud and clear , it is not justified if it is innate -LRB- the disease -RRB- but you can lump anti-semitism with anti-israel and expect understanding .
NEU israel was ` going somewhere ' before it was even formed . it 's first leader oulines the not so peaceful intention in 1938 , the consequences of which , people still pay the price . '' -LSB- i am -RSB- satisfied with part of the country , but on the basis of the assumption that after we build up a strong force following the establishment of the state -- we will abolish the partition of the country and we will expand to the whole land of israel . '' `` this is only a stage in the realization of zionism and it should prepare the ground for our expansion throughout the whole country '' <ahref="">
NEG spartacus , `` in fact farc emerged as a force due to its ability to protect peasants from drug cartels and landowners . '' . . lol ... what utter nonsense and absolute fabrication of the truth . farc is a drug cartel . . and now controls and taxes most of the cocaine in their part of the country and exports it through venezuela to the doorsteps of children in europe . maybe you should read the captured diaries of a wayward euro commie who joined who joined farc in 2002 ... her name is tanja nijmeijert ... look her up .
NEU bora you 're always out to lunch -LRB- and someone said i couldnt do witty comebacks -RRB-
NEG you can totally feel their disappointment . `` this is entrapment ! '' sadly it 's not just the death cult followers who are bummed but also the so-called `` pacifists '' who 've been waiting ever so long to say `` i told you so , an aggressive war on terror only makes us less safe . '' pfft . yeah right . but for another day they will go to bed disappointed and losing .
NEG `` i think the poster meant that they came into the united states from flights in europe . '' yep . leave it to the usual suspects to believe otherwise . i suppose they could have swam over , but it isnt likely . or maybe they used the transporter from the enterprise . would go along with all the other conspiracy nonsense .
NEG the media circus surrounding this affair is muddying the waters no end . it 's a bloody soap opera . the truth is out there but it 's not in the medias possession .
NEG ctoo , this sounds like junk science being used to justify some traditional misogyny .
NEG bush is in baghdad , when the bombs killed abu musab al-zarqawi the world became a slighty better place , does n't everyone agree if bush was bombed in baghdad the world will be a better place .
NEG are aljazeera as interested in instances of child abuse in the arab world ?
NEG `` i believe it 's a good way to apply pressure on israel for what they are doing to lebanon 's civilians and economy . '' i would imagine that the israeli people , who live under the constant threat of terrorist attack , will not give a flying **** if they are chucked out of a football tournament !
NEG `` grant spends his life on this board making ignorant generalised anti euro posts or asking questions '' . lol , wraggers ! still have n't the cojones to address me directly , huh ? i enjoy making worms like you wriggle ! it 's great sport and is always what attracts me to this site !
NEG cuban pete , very possibly . consider that suicide attacks are far from a new phenomenon but now that they 're directed against ` western ' personnel the perception of them has changed . previously it would have been ` oh my how terrible , but what can you expect ? ' . now the wailing and gnashing seems more sustained and ` heartfelt ' . while i meant that it is expected that ` terrorists ' will be brutal , i think you are correct in attributing some form of racism to the easy acceptance of the denigration of entire populations . f.
NEG sir an englishman-in-new-york -LRB- state-that-is -RRB- please read this : <ahref=""> idf opens fire on palestinians at gaza border , despite cease-fire israel defense forces soldiers fired at a group of palestinian men who approached the security fence on the gaza-israel border on thursday , wounding one , the military said , in the latest blow to a fragile truce between the two sides . palestinian officials said two palestinian brothers were wounded while when walking in a field . say to warmonger israel , enough to bloodshed in the me , and respect the un resolutions 242 and 338 in order to live in peace in the heart of the arab world .
NEG `` that is absolute rubbish , fripono . '' no it 's not . our french guests / / did / / tell us that the suburban violence receives very little news coverage in france . it almost as if hundreds of vehicles being fire-bombed is now considered a part of everyday life around paris .
NEU you said that all have been offered alternative farms . that is not a negative - you made the statement , and were asked to provide proof of that statement . everybody is still waiting ...
NEG `` says it all really . so much for bush 's repeated accusations of the u.n 's impotence . the repeat of the mistake of vietnam scenario has played out . as some , me included , said it would on these boards as far back as 2001 . '' for the life of me i ca n't understand how any country can think they can invade a country in today 's world without having a vietnam scenario play out .
POS it was an interesting monday with the dow , djia , up $ 286.87 for the day . now we will see what tuesday will bring ...
NEG shame . he deserves to lose . <ahref=""> edition.cnn.com/2005 ... </a> good riddance .
NEG the problem with isreal now , is that it feels the need to retaliate first , before assessing the consequences of such action . it also expects the usa to back it up , whenever it does take action . unfortunately in many instance the us has done just that , now i feel the usa has to step back and side with the vast majority of the world , in condemning this military action . i would have thought it clear , that hezbollah is usuing the propaganda value of the violence to suit their cause . isreal are in the wrong here , the focus of the violence and effect has switched from the kidnapped soldiers to the dead and injured civilians . collatoral damage is the biggest hammer hezbollah has now , to show the savagery of the isreali response .
NEG the excuse , blame everything on islam and the muslims who go to heaven and get 72 virgins , didnt just come out of blue . now imagine if the world found out that both chritians in palestine and infact iraq are equally fed up of being killed by forgein armies . which excuse would the civilzed , democratic leader use to justify the occupation and murder .
NEU wow . 58 words and 9 of them are `` american '' -- with 3 of the nine mentions being misspelled . i 'm new around here so i do n't know about bashing but that must be some sort of record .
NEU el commande , is n't nielson a canadian ?
NEG what i am hoping for is that hamas will let me live , instead of chucking nasty boom booms all the time , in the hope that i and my neighbours will be the ones who will die . ------------------------------------------------- you have a choice to leave ... while terrorists always somehow refuse people to leave the war zone so they can hide among the civilians , as we are promptly told , the civlian jews in conflict areas choose to live among the idf . . to protect it . .
NEG `` and this from a poster who thinks that lgf is left of center '' more lies from `` wendy '' . he should know me well enough after all these years to appreciate that i do n't `` do '' political left and right . weblog lgf however does do a splendid job of combatting the poisonous views of neo-nazis , islamists and other extreme anti-semites . i guess that is why it makes `` wendy '' feel uncomfortable .
NEG and the biggest - of many - reason why i hope that turkey puts itself and many of its stupid practices to rights before it even thinks of joinining the eec !
NEG an additionsal unit containing du that can be mounted at the tip of the bomb , undoubtedly exists . the heavier and denser the tip is the deeper it is able to penetrate . the ` howstuffwork ' - site explicitly mentions that du is used for this purpose on those missiles ! it seems to me that if you just fill the bore up with tnt , you will not have a heavy tip , like a dart arrow , which is much desired .
NEU is this another part of the `` experiment '' why is this on the world board ?
NEG would anyone in the uk have been charged with treason for saying `` britain has nuclear bombs '' ... ?
NEU he thinks it is no doubt . he is what i would call a merchant banker .
POS thanks . my dad persuaded me to read anything and everything that takes an interest with some specific recommendations from his personal experience . well , besides psychiatrists being medical doctors and psychologists not ... and besides reading choices , can you further explain this science theory ?
NEG roybear06 , > > > such naivet ! the ethnic conflicts that already exist within the usa occur between us citizens , black , white , hispanic or whatever . < < < and everyone of them a yank . go figure .
NEU if you bothered to read what i wrote you will see i said : i do n't support islamic terrorists but unlike you i do n't support state terrorism either .
POS i would guess jesus was jewish in a land that has recently been called israel -LRB- no borders set yet -RRB- having said that , todays cannanites and phoneacians are probably a mix of the lebanese christians , and palestinians . the pals will have a lot of arab blood , but the canaanite dna is probably still there . so there is a chance jesus was palestinian , or had some palestinian blood . i have often heard zionists say the canaanintes were the original tenants . bethlehem is completely walled in now . <ahref=""> the christians had relatives and the christian culture to be able to move to places like canada and usa . heres a few more articles from the columnist the threadstarter is so eager to advertise <ahref=""> -LRB- keep in mind theres a holocaust conference going on in iran -RRB- <ahref="">
NEG hyper `` so the french fought the british over north america . does n't make it right . the british or jewish immigrants had no right over that land '' and the arab colonists did because ... . . `` it knew about zionism and the fact the most the jews at the time were recent migrants so had no right to claim it . they had no right to marach in and steal it '' you 've already expressed your anti-semetism about this quite well , no need to keep repeating yourself . `` the arabs were not a colonial power . just by repeating it does n't make its true ! '' so the arabs did n't come from arabia ? `` a mainly arab region should be run by arabs in what way is that colonialism ? '' and please do tell us how the middle east became arab ... `` like the french in north america for a large part were unsuccessful -LRB- unlike the jews -RRB- at kicking the british out . the colonists were the european jews trying to kick out the british ie colonists for colonists '' who were the jews colonists for ? `` and i have explained how this was originally colonialism but they assimilated with the locals so they too became arabs so and not arabs ruling over `` middle easterners '' . '' ah so the arab colonialists ethnicly cleansed the natives . raped them ... sorry , dated them and assimilated with them and one morning they all became happy arabs . lovely . `` the fact the arabs did n't rule the place makes it impossible for them to be colonialists as colonists need power '' the arab colonialists colonised and then were colonised . they ca n't complain . if this is so unfair they could all go back to arabia . `` jewish migration though turned a majority arab place into a jewish place '' and ? only an anti-semite would object to this . should we hand australia or the us back to the natives ? `` because you keep claiming that lack of arab land ownership was a problem in them claiming soverignty . is n't the the case as shown in sa . '' erm ... no . sa is a sovereign . `` but the formation of israel was based on a very recent wave so would be like muslims claiming parts of britain '' this is getting so tedious and boring . briatain is a sovereign . what is it about this word you ca n't get your head around ?
NEG spain is on the list , however , the terrorist believe they are ` playing ball ' right now , and thus do not appear to want or need to attack there at this time . . this however is my personal opinion , and is a speculation drawn upon my observations of their -LRB- al qaeda -RRB- sites . . i do n't like the fact they are ` going under ' the water so to speak , and i had read bin laden 's orders earlier . . i posted many times of his objective to strike london . . he said he would do this ` twice ' then he would hit in the month of august with a chemical attack . . you have the right to know this information .
NEU so all that is needed is just a fan for the flames .
NEU some more details of the outstanding testimony - a witness spoke for longer than one hour where he mentioned at least 300 names of those victim 's and remarkably and astonishingly he stated the birth dates of about 250 victims . . <ahref=""> and an interesting viewpoint from the baghdad burning . . with some small facts that appear to be missing in our uk/usa reporting the first witness talked about the whole dujail situation the details were intriguing considering he was only 15 years old at the time.the second witness was more to the point but he was 10 when everything happened ... <ahref=""> riverbendblog.blogsp ... </a>
NEG when has anythig stopped you from having a go at muslims , asians , blacks etc etc ? you draw the line at jews . why ? is it because many of them support your apparent racist attitudes -LRB- imo -RRB- ?
NEG albert , do you actually do anything practical to change the situation or do you simply rant on here ? are you all talk and no trousers ?
POS yep .
NEG we can all agree that the one thing this board needs is a thread about threads about threads about why americans have no culture . so this is it . plear respond . yours , gavin
NEG there is a psychological effect known as ` consistency ' . it occurs when someone has made a decision or supports a plan that goes wrong , and they resort to increasingly desperate excuses and justifications to avoid looking stupid . does that sound familiar , grant ?
NEU your definition of palestine keeps changing . sometimes it includes the whole area , sometimes it does n't exist at all . + + + + so there is no doubt . after 1922 mandate palestine was reduced to the area that currently consists of israel , west bank and gaza . on creating the mandate the lebanon , syria and jortdan were also part of the area called palestine , but renamed to those country names . hence , the only area that can be called palestine now is west bank and gaza . this area was equally granted as the jewish national home and a place where arabs can live and until it becomes an official state with a constitution , recognised government and the institutions of state such as legislature etc then it is still palestine and still subject to the mandate . so , the question still remains . where is the lebanese palestinians home ?
NEU `` the oldest prejudice of them all - anti-semitism , is on the rise once again . '' i 'm not sure whether it 's the oldest , but it 's very strong . judiasm is the oldest monotheism in the world -LRB- if you discount the egyptian aten worshippers -RRB- and this should be understood . believers in one god to the exclusion of all others are fundamentalists . it is one thing to believe something , but when to do so is contingent on complete dismissal of all other peoples beliefs , the result is arrogance . islam & christianity also suffers from this in it 's most extreme form .
POS that has never happened to me -LRB- i think -RRB-
NEU this is what we call `` anecdotal '' evidence in science .
NEU `` a wife is obliged to fulfill the sexual desires of her husband '' only if the reverse is also true . fair 's fair !
NEG it 's some kind of special `` voodoo '' water - why ca n't she drink normal water like everybody else ? or like her horse ? what 's so special about her - she 's only a pop star . who you going to be blessing next - robbie williams ? would you be so concerned about her if she was poor ? want some of her cash , do you ? pray for me , i 'll post upu a fiver .
NEG `` john bolton tells the truth '' really ? find me one historain that will back up his claim that lincoln only gave political and judicial appointments to his political supporters . go on , just one . this was the ` fact ' that bolton asserted . he was so sure that he questioned the intelligence of the interviewer . however , he was wrong , totally , 100 % wrong .
NEU i heard bbc five live on my windows media player . bbc five live mentioned that hezbollah kidnapped two isrealis and that another group kidnapped another israeli . bbc five live also reported that israel attacked in response . i also heard the same comments from independent and libertarian presses here in america . conclusion : 1 . bbc five live was fair and balanced . 2 . libertarian media is also fair and balanced . 3 . us mainstream media was never balanced -LSB- the only exception was when cnn recorded bush expressing an expletive which was funny -RSB- .
NEG the amazing thing is you think the us is such a stable place even today , how many murders are there a year ?
NEG our new foreign minister is one of the least inspiring , most condescending , irritating unlikeable , members of this government prepare yourselves to be appalled by the lack of talent available to tony blair and please accept our apologies .
NEU `` enjoy the burger in london this weekend ! '' ... ... ... ... ... ... . london ? no no no . too many brain dead bineheads .
NEG < < message posted by in-limbo though they may argue any cause they will nothing betrays the fact that they are still screwed , and they did all the screwing themselves . > > duh ? who is screwed and who is doing the screwing ? your post does not make sense because there is no context .
NEG a significant year when the arabs dumped by egypt and jordan decided to call themselves `` palestinians '' .
NEG mrjingles do you deny that zionists collaborated with the nazis ?
NEU just wondered if anyone on here can think of a single positive initiative that the current bush administration have implemented . i ca n't think of any at all . just thought it 'd be intersting to see what different people count as being positive and whether anyone at all can actually think of anything . good luck
NEG errr , what is the religion of communists ? are n't there a lot of murder & war in communist countries ?
NEU except that it suits his/her agenda .
NEG speaking of bbc , lots of pathetic journalists used to pay the afghans to say what they wanted them to say after the americans did what the israelians are doing in lebanon . it was pathetic little fun to watch them doing that , but again , since they were doing to fool their own audiance in the west so it was okay . like a friend one said , the west believes in lies than in the truth .
NEG i think that after these `` games '' the olympics will never be the same again . you would have thought that the ioc would have learnt its lesson after the 1936 olympic `` games '' which were a showcase for the nazis . but , nope , the ioc just keeps on showing us what it really is : an uncaring , money grabbing corrupt organisation ... i mean , listening to ioc members telling us that there is no pollution over peking , just morning mist , i did n't know wether to laugh or cry !!
NEG and do you think you have some logic ? or goerge ?
NEG again , you are an islamaphobe and bashing the religion at ever turn , you are a bigot , grant , no question . do i defent them , absolutely not , nor do i defend the murder of female babies practiced by some `` hindus '' or the bownding of little girls practiced by some rural chinese ; or fgm practiced by many african tribes ; or arranged marraiges practiced by many cultures in around the world ; women have been oppressed and subjugated for 1000 's of years , why choose islam on which to focus ? because you are a bigot , an islamiphobe with a well known history of hatred towards the moslems and now we find out all 3rd world peoples .
NEG i have no idea why you think this will happen in the uk . most muslims will not agree with this appalling policy but it should be noted that george galloway once said on question time that he has no problem with the taleban and i do not think we will be hearing the mcb objecting to this latest action by islamic fundamentalists . troops out of afghanistan ?
NEG occupiers thousands of miles from home ? you mean the zionist immigrants from europe trying to take land off the arabs !
NEU fri , 04 apr 2008 10:40 gmt , in reply to haveyouseenmy in message 9 try looking at it from the perspective of the actual people being threatened .
POS oh , i can be an american any time i want , tao , through their investors program . but i chose to live in other areas of the world and travel and visit there whenever i get the opportunity . but i have worked there in the past and enjoy the country and people very much .
NEG anyone here think that this is down to global warming , or is this just one of those peaks that occurs naturally from time to time ?
NEG why not indeed , grant . i seem to recollect that this is another topic over which you have some difficulty .
NEG > no doubt , they 'll consider hillary clinton `` more dangerous than kim jong-il '' when she 's elected < absolutely rubbish , i ca n't tell you ... absolutely rubbish ! how on earth did you manage to come up with that one , white camcorder ?
NEG hitler deliberately used religion in order to satisfy the german people that he was a ` moral man ' and worthy of their support . he often said how he intended to use religion in this manner and laughed later at how easily people were duped by these sort of religious claims . just as they are today it seems .
NEG <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> qualitavely speaking , more hyperbolic trash is posted her against islam than judaism . but then , its a western mb .
NEG you see bouncy , this is what i mean . you or jj or moronic ca n't provide me with any evidence he said it all . all you 've offered is opinion , opinion , opinion , whether it be yours or someone else 's . now let 's try evidence , ok ?
NEG newsflash ! `` none '' is singular : `` not one '' . it therefore requires a the verb agreement `` seems '' , not `` seem '' . `` none of them seems to know how to spell . '' `` gotten '' , fyi , is an older form of the past participle of `` to get '' that the british stopped using , but the americans did n't .
NEG hi goldwater , goldwater quote : `` not having a say in whether country goes to war , when your government starts to break the law itself ... you know what i call this ? i call this a dictatorship . '' you have your say at the ballot box . if you disagree with blair choosing to help regime change a mass murdering dictator named saddam then vote him out . the uk is a democracy and if you choose to be isolationist or ignore mass murdering dictators then vote that way . calling the uk a dictatorship just shows you have no idea what a dictatorship really is . goldwater quote : `` if you deny people the right to protest you are not worth to be called a democrat . '' those are your words not mine . where did i say you do n't have the right to protest ? go protest the regime change all you want after all the uk is a democracy but do n't try to deny the obvious that marching to stop the regime change of saddam is supporting keeping saddam in power . goldman quote : `` oh really ? and who decides this , '' circumstance put milosvic , the taliban and saddam in the cross hairs . personally i am happy to see the end of each of them . it could have been the military junta in burma , castro , kim jong and i would have been just as happy . i simply want open season on dictatorships in the 21st century and am not going march in the street or cry to try to save any of them . goldman quote : `` yes , he was a bloody dictator '' but but but the infamous but ! then why did you march in the street to try to keep two of the world 's oldest democracies from regime changing saddam ? goldman quote : `` i am sure it was terrible . but so is saudi arabia . so it kuweit , so is nigeria , and so is egypt ... those heavens of the fighters for human rights . '' and in the end they will all go down but circumstance put your anti american folk hero saddam at the front of the line . if kuwaeit , nigeriam , saudi etc had started two wars , filled dozens and dozens of mass graves then many they would have been ahead of saddam but that is not how it worked out . even so there is nothing you can do to save saddam . he is gone . goldman quote : `` where i told you that it is not up to cowboys such as you to decide who is going to do what . '' why should n't democracies take proactive action to drive dictatorships into extinction . it 's the 21st century and they should not exist so they should be taken out one by one . do what you want to stop your government from taking out dictators like saddam . after all the uk is a free country but do n't try to dodge the fact that marching to try to save a dictator from regime change is supporting that dictator . there is simply no way to dodge that reality . warmest regards , smoker
NEU `` wonder if blair and bush had suffered the same fate ? they would wet their pants . '' well bush is a trained fighter pilot which requires lots of nerve so he might have been okay . do n't know about tb .
POS peace will come when palestinians rule the area . this is one step towards the goal . i am glad that atlast now the jews are on the track which i am sure hamas and rest of palestinians have waited for this for a long time .
NEU why , why why ... delila ... hell have no wrath ... you 're going to have a field day if you want to disect chavez 's speeches for all the nonsense .
NEG `` wonder how this would have panned out , ie if the usa had not invaded iraq or afghanistan , -LRB- with nato -RRB- - especially in external terms re those countries ? '' kinda liek wonderign what they day would have been like had it not rained . by the way ... thanks for the `` drain '' label waggy boy . a new one . a novel idea though ... . do try to find about your past and exactly what the british empire was before you sat down to criticize others .
NEU suffice it to say that america ` culture ' can not so easily be dismissed as ` trash ' as many on this board would seem to have it . let 's not forget their fine writers . there is no british tom wolfe .
NEG sorry about that . palestinian terrorist groups are terrorists . islamic terrorists have extreme views on islam and infidels .
NEU john-wragg surely italy must be the leaning tower of pisa .
NEG what are you talking about ? get your facts right amigo . france <ahref=""> stats.oecd.org/wbos/ ... </a> ireland <ahref=""> stats.oecd.org/wbos/ ... </a>
NEG hmmm grant , so you believe society should be organised unfairly ? perhaps as a winner takes all by the strongest with tony soprano for president ?
NEG tonysilver - when will you ever accept the fact that israel is not a part of ` palestinian/arab land ' . guess it is no good teaching you what is fact as you will never accept it . you live in anothr world tony - not this one ... . .
NEU antineocon whilst i agree with practically everything you have said on this and many other threads , i must correct you on this post . i am s.african -LRB- not a white man either -RRB- . during the liberation struggle it was mainly jews within the white population who helped us . many paid a high price for their efforts . mandela 's lawyer during the rivona trial was a jew , he helped the anc big time until he was murdered by boers . dennis goldberg spent 27 years in prison with nelson . he visited the zionist experiment and was ashamed by what he saw fellow jews doing . jews in sa have a proud record during the liberation movement and i will take issue with anyone who claims otherwise . i can list many of them who died or were jailed for their conscience . dont let these fools on here and their myopic love for the zionist experiment in whatever activity it does cloud your own conscience . btw , you are spot on about the accent . the jewish accent in sa is gutteral .
NEU quoted from this message so , if he was arrested on a islamic warrant -LRB- i know it 's fictional , but bear with me -RRB- for drawing cartoon images of mohammed , you would be just as magnanimous ha ha ha very good !!
NEU `` they call them ` euro trash ' '' . that 's a term we have a lot of affections for over here jj . we even had a pan european tv show called euro trash . i do n't think you would have liked it with you delicate redneck feilings . laugh out loud
NEG / / you 're never in any danger of that , axe , do n't worry . / / i can jerk my knee when i want to ry - now let me get back to my daily mail .
NEU new zealand ?
NEG jj 's tongue was firmly planted in cheek when clumsily pounding out that post .
NEG please point out where i have suggested that there is some kind of conspiracy by jews to supress the memory of other genicides . the people who have taken a dislie to me are those i would n't p on if they were on fire . please point out what you have accused me of and i will immediately apologise . i think it is quite disengenious of you or anyone to deliberately misinterprit anything i have said for some kind of silly preudo advantage . point it out or perhaps you apologise for your offensive accusation .
NEG it 's all pakistans fault !! no ... that 's a bit harsh ... it 's all ghandi 's fault !!!!! no ... that 's a bit rough too ... it 's all america 's fault !!!!!!! yes ... that 's acceptable . ah-mad-in-e-jihad is a mouth piece for a vomit inducing islamificationism . dictatorial theocracy sucks big time .
POS this is a good start and the rest will be sorted out over time .
NEG `` fat greedy yanks give peanuts to dying children . '' chashews , macademia , walnuts , pecans etc. ... yummy ... we 'll get some cheese from france and ... albert can contribute his . . hate ... we 'll make a party of it .
NEG <ahref=""> it 's all about the uranium enrichment , thats why iran turned down russia 's offer to supply the material for peaceful purposes . the only reason they would turn that down is if they wanted to divert that material for developing a nuclear weapon . do n't forget iran purchased the plans for a nuclear weapon from the pakistan scientist and has been purchasing the technology and parts in europe for the last 5 years . finally , i stolen iranian document indicating the weapons program was shown to the europeans this past fall and thats when the diplomacy started to get tough . i suspect that during the security council hearings we may hear more .
NEG wait to see if there is peace . the most succesful peace process in near memory is northern ireland which was n't done by reciprocating civilian deaths . this is just covering a plaster for a sinking ship it was probably a hitler style take over with people voting for them , hamas increasing their power by force , regretting it afterwards . hamas do not = palestinans and civilians should not be treated as such.israelis response is supported by the israelis whic is more worrying
NEG what !!! you cant form a nazi party in austria ! what the asdf are we going to do . its the end of the world as we know it . we should all immediately form a nazi party in protest , even if we are not nazis . how can civilisation survive without this freedome ? ive got a bad feeling about this .
NEU hi bouncy helen . irony is lost on you , it appears . i really do n't care what happens to corner shops , or their relationship with the big retailers . it simply seems to me that this issue , more than most perhaps , is something that can be left to people to decide for themselves . i note that you have avoided all my questions regarding the `` correct '' level of employment within the retail sector , or why it would be a good thing for the retail sector to become more labour intensive . your point does not follow that if tesco is very profitable then it must be poor value . your position in general illustrates why regulators should stay out of market decisions : perception of value is the result of a myriad of factors given varying weight by a myriad of individuals . i , for instance , am well aware that the tesco 's fruit & veg aisle represents mediocre value and is none too pleasant to boot . however , my time is valuable , and i do n't always get the opportunity to go to my favourite fruit and veg store . i feel guilty about this -LRB- nothing i ca n't handle -RRB- and do it anyway . others may like the fact that they are shopping at a big trusted name . others may like the fact that what they want is always in stock . or that there is a relatively hasslefree returns section . basically , so what if they are more efficient in labour terms ? do you have any other sectors which you would like to see become more labour-intensive ? i presume also that you will be pressuring government to curb internet shopping for the same reason . personally , i look forward to the day when wal-mart cuts a swathe through the whole lot of them . yours , gavin
NEG at least in our nations where it isnt sanctioned by the state , the victim has some recourse and can have some action taken . the women and children lost in the nations can not speak out nor can their families . human beings are bad all over but if the rule of law is that honor killing is acceptable it will happen with greater frequency and no consequences . so it really isnt the same . sanctioning is just another way of approving . if you cant see the difference then you really are indoctrinated beyond hope .
NEG nologo : since i have never been to iraq , and since i have never had the `` ear '' of saddam hussein , and since i ca n't read people 's minds , and since i am at the mercy of the information that the un and all governments -LRB- not only the us government -RRB- toss my way , then i am obviously the victim of deceipt ... lesson learned ...
NEG do remember that the discussion is about kim jong-mentally-il . kim jong-mentally-il has starved his people and instituted one of the most repressive regimes in the world . keep in mind that negotiations with nk have been conducted through the good offices of the nations in the region ; red china , japan , s korea et.al . one might also consider the foreign policy successes of madeleine albright , none . and finally , both albright and kim jong-mentally il are ugly and their mother 's dress them funny .
NEG `` however you are trying to wash your hands of that responsiblity by hiding behind a country of your citizenship which is not nato , then let me assure you you have chosen a side of those who are quite comfortable with criminals as their allies , so that when criminals commit crimes , you would readliy go hysteric about the crimes and the criminals and forget the people who make criminals job easy ... '' who should my allies be ? those who for whatever their faults may be try and help the people of afghanistan such as the nato or those like you for whom there will never be a reason strong enough not to attack children ? an movement/cult with an idiology that finds the basest human actions and makes them their prized aims and goals , an idiology that has found a home within one of the major religions and scewed and twisted it to meet their hunger , passion and lusts for harming the weakest in the world . you are a prime example my friend of the threat that we in the world , whether muslim , christian , jew or buddhist , atheist or whatever , men , women and children face . a group of misfits who have been brainwashed to believe that it is ok to attack and sell children because their friends also do so and that makes it ok . in the west such people are found and and their rings smashed but in your world it is a task for `` brave '' men this attacking of the weak . i know who my allies should be . unfortunately the poison that seeps from the saudi desert poisons every well in the world and one day these `` brave '' men will have to face real men and then they will be exposed as the evil weaklings that they are .
POS apologies i stand corrected . breaking the law no , just bending it .
NEG bbc world covered it this morning . india is a huge country and considering all the economic turmoil , i suspect the possibility of a depression is probably more on the minds of individuals .
NEG jews may not be the only ones who make insults to islaam , but jews often instigate the remarks and opinions by way of them using pressure groups to silence anti-jewish comments whilst promoting and funding anti-muslim , right wing neo cons in the media . but the thing is , with 1.5 billion muslims across about 60 muslim countries around the world , who cares what the jews think ! they have a tiny bit of land in the middle east which is shrinking , and the rest they have is just space on our airwaves and in the papers !
NEG double standards ? the double standards are coming from the islamic world . wail and holler do they about being treated badly by the west and how they dont want to be portrayed as terrorists and as a watching world watches they burn down churches , kill christians and dress up as suicide bombers calling for 9/11 attacks on europe over a few cartoons ...
NEU no they 're not . you can have a hundred women living with you if you want but it 's not bigamy unless you marry more than one of them under uk law . it 's a free country so if women want to live like that it 's up to them .
POS well when it comes to ball posession and short quick precise passes the italians produced a masterclass against the germans with andrea pirlo simply outstanding .
NEG bronx ... perhaps our euro friends are not familiar with the history of the world ... it has been suggested , on numerous occasions , that our friends across the pond are taught from the `` how to maintain national pride post-european explore , conquer and exploit period '' textbooks published by the official -LRB- and state funded -RRB- `` european revisionist history textbook corporation . '' amerindians in mexico are still screaming to be heard . they are usually found at the bottom of the mexican social heirarchy . sixty percent of the population of mexico is `` mestizo '' -LRB- mixed amerindian and european spanish blood -RRB- , 30 % claim to be predominately amerindian , 9 % are white -LRB- where did they come from ? -RRB- 1 % other . mestizo , who have a great deal of european spanish pride , refer to the mexican amerindian derogatorily as `` indio . '' mexicans who claim the white euros `` stole '' their land in the southern part of the us , are also guilty of having `` white euro '' ancestors who stole land from their own ancestors -LRB- comical really -- i wonder how their internal ancestral mix are able to cohabitate ? -RRB- . historically , spaniards born in spain were the ruling class and highest on the social ladder ... 2nd were mexican-born spaniards , 3rd were mestizo and last on the ladder were the `` indios '' and all others ... after mexico won their independence from spain -LRB- after 3 centuries of spanish rule -RRB- , the `` creole '' -LRB- spaniards born in mexico -RRB- became the ruling class and highest on the social ladder ... which is where they remain today ... furthermore , 95 - 98 % of all amerindians -LRB- indigenous peoples throughout the `` americas '' -RRB- were wiped out -LRB- european introduced diseases -RRB- during the european explore , conquer and exploit period -- long before any european inhabitant of the `` new world '' started dreaming about independence from europe . by comparison , very few indigenous people lost their lives after the us gained independence from britain . we will take -LRB- and have taken -RRB- responsibility for our part . it has been far to convenient for the europeans to blame everything on the `` americans '' when they were the architects of the destruction of the amerindian .
NEG mommy ! albert called us fat and stupid !
NEG last year the charities commission were presnted witha panorama expose of how interpal funding reached hamas <ahref=""> in 2003 the commission investigated and cleared hamas but admitted in 2006 in response to the programme that their orginal investigation had n't been ` in-depth ' . in the 2006 program they thanked the bbc for their new evidence and said they would re-investigate . i believe they are scared to investigate . hence , their is a link between hamas and interpal according to 2006 bbc programme .
POS indeed sarah , indeed . wonderfully and articulately put . it comes as no surprise that you are on the fast track to becoming a senior executive at speed & co. .
NEG i 'm guesing you do n't understand it either . or do you think johnny 's saying -LRB- or has said -RRB- that the poor in the third world are happy ? p.s. helpful hint : have some meat behind your invective if you want it to work .
NEG north korea has already fired a missile capable of reaching the us , they test fired one in 2003 that reached alaska : <ahref=""> times.hankooki.com / l. . . </a>
POS the flying spaghetti monster is greater than all of us !
POS travelgal619 my apologies , you should google ` the great world debate ' . the ` the ' bit is important . j
NEU do you wear a `` burka '' at that time ??
NEU did you just look that up ?
NEU i 'd agree with that . there is no single jewish accent in this country , although there are jewish ways with the language , both in use of expressions and in tone of delivery in some cases . this is entirely to be expected . i note that many british-born asians still carry a hint of their parents ' accented english into the next generation also . equally , there are many second generation immigrants out there speaking english no different from their ` true-brit ' compatriots . now an israeli accent . that 's another thing entirely . unmistakable and totally different from the jewish accents heard here . a bit pointless , really , this thread . we could just as easily be discussing french and welsh accents for what it 's worth .
NEG `` and when that stopped we had the balkan wars . swings and roundabouts ... ... '' and now you have some religious types detonating themselves on public transport and riotng for weeks at a time in your streets . it certainly makes europe an exciting place to raise a family , does n't it ?
POS finn , that 's just the alcohol , i do n't drink , i should take it up , i hear oblivion is wonderful .
NEU we in europe feed pisces to porkers .
NEG for the hundredth time , they were not jailed ` for speaking their minds ' they were jailed for inciting others to kill people . and incidentally their own speech comprised of threatening with violence other people who might wish to exercise free speech . that 's an act of intimidation others into silence , not of universal free speech . it 's not ` free speech ' for a to say to b that if b draws a cartoon b should be killed . it 's simply an incitement to murder , designed to suppress the free speech of others . that 's the sort of veiled threat we have become very used to hearing in britain . large numbers of the british public have tired of it , because one set of dark mutterings is followed by another . the cartoon protests here took place in a country where the media and government had not published the actual cartoons , in case of more outraged muslims . the response of the people in question was not to say `` thank you for your consideration , '' but to go out calling for our beheading , annihilation , extermination etc , anyway . that is to say , whether one appeases or confronts such people they will always make angry threats . that 's why it is better to meet them head on . if these cases had not been brought - and the authorities only did so after massive public anger - then the next such protest would almost certainly have resulted in a huge riot and deaths . if it were to have reached that stage , then you and the other cheerleaders for the cartoon protesters here - would have had to grasp that ` provoking ' an angry minority is as nothing , in terms of danger , compared to provoking an angry majority . what on earth your own purpose is in trying to stir the pot , i do n't know .
NEG yes - but how ? we have a leader who has said he wants the complete destruction of a country - who is trying to undermine democracy in another country and supplying technology which is killing british troops into the bargain - and we understand giving refuge to a range of terrorists - the question you should be asking is what is the un going to do about it
NEG it 's not a lie , azania . here is the transcript of saeed al-sahaf 's threat to use unconventional weaponry ; <ahref=""> transcripts.cnn.com / ... </a>
NEU simcha , amnesty international has no soldiers - it is not a country . it is not a `` politically correct '' organisation - it has no politics . it does n't care if someone is descended from greeks who converted to judaism or from jews who converted to islam . it does n't care if their austrian grandfather had to learn how to speak conversational hebrew when they emigrated to palestine . or whether their palestinian grandfather had to learn to speak conversational hebrew when someone else 's grandfather came to their country , stole their land , and excused this rather rude and selfish behaviour with the explanation that `` palestinians '' are not their `` neighbours '' , just so that they could n't be accused of violating god 's commandment . it is not in the business of pointing out to israelis such as yourself how ignorant they are of their own history , and how -LRB- as a jewish rabbi who lived in 1st century ad palestine said -RRB- they should not throw stones , and how even samaritans -LRB- or palestinians -RRB- can be good neighbours . all they care about is that all people , whether they are austrian jews or palestinian muslims , are free . free from the threats of the `` chosen people '' and their `` third temple '' or the `` master race '' and their `` third reich '' to have them live someplace else other than the place their grandfather came from . using your logic , you would justify the holocaust , as long as if it was `` arabs '' and not `` jews '' . shame on you .
NEU seeing as we have covered all the potential armageddon scenarios with respect to iran , shall we see if there is a potential positive outcome to all this ? there has been some talk of `` seeing things from iran 's point of view '' - well what would interest the iranians ? i 'll set the ball rolling ... how about a defence treaty with both the us and israel -LRB- who they have to recognise first obviously -RRB- , normalising of relations with the us and lifing of sanctions - in return for iran abandoning its nuclear programme .
NEG translation is that musharraf 's enemies are just some poor peasants in bajore agency . the general is as incompetent as the president bush . its just the circumstances that have made these two cartoons the most important people in the world .
NEU it was from the perspective of the tipton three.whether it was 100 % true or just 90 % true we can only determine from the other known facts .
NEG welcome to taliban land . you can trun yor clocks back 5 hours and your calendar back 500 years
NEU very true , but nukes might be an effective deterrant against an external enemy / / / indeed , but there are no external enemies . china is n't going to invade mainland us , and neither is anyone else . that 's what i mean by continuing cold war philosophy ... and serious threat now is going to come from inside . good book - `` the utility of force '' - rupert smith covers this very well , if you 're interested . <ahref="">
NEU its a simple question . how did you get to israel ? which country did you cross over from and where did you stay on arrival ? you admit you do n't search the internet and do n't read books so your credibility here is at stake . you claim you know things from experience only . well , put your money where your mouth is and prove to us you 've been to israel .
NEG 9 year old mubashar ali hanged himself , while re-enacting hussein 's hanging . <ahref=""> how awful . somehow , i imagine this was n't the sort of martyr saddam might have wanted .
NEU mondial , takes a special skill to locate your posts , hehe , they are like ufos , `` hidden '' most of the time . `` a massive nuclear power programme replacing oil and gas fired power stations ? '' yes ! finland has no doubts after some encounters with russians during 20th century . neither have i. or latvian greens . you know , we got right wing greens - for clean nuclear energy . probably very unlike western greens , who are used to watch `` cute russian bear '' over iron curtin .
NEU but surely these five men are followers of a '' peaceful '' religion . there must be a mistake somewhere .
NEG this is what i `` submitted to have your say '' : the north koreans do n't need the bomb for protection because they already have china as an ally . having the bomb serves as a deterrence against us military involvement should kim jong il start to press his expansionist aims in the region . this also explains why the north korean government are so keen to promote news of the test . a nuclear exchange remains unlikely but the probability of conventional conflict in the korean peninsula has definitely increased . of course it did n't get published -LRB- i hate `` fully moderated '' - a.k.a. hys censorship mechanism -RRB- . but with only 500 characters there 's plenty of stuff that did n't get expounded on . kim jong il 's frustration is that he ca n't use his massive army without incurring a us military response . but the bomb implies massive us casualties up front - i doubt if the us congress would have backed the invasion of iraq if they 'd 've known it meant 3,000 dead . it 's only that the casualties have been incurred over a few years that has numbed their power to shock the us population . intelligence from post-1991 iraq indicated that saddam did n't think he was wrong to have invaded kuwait , just that he should have waited to acquire the bomb first . of course china is unhappy with kj-i but they would still probably stand by nk in the event of a military incursion by others . i also doubt they would actually attack nk in the event that pyongyang precipitate a conflict -LRB- i.e. invade sk -RRB- .
NEG i think there is certainly a charge to answer . i would like to know , for instance , what danger a two year old baby possibly posed . among other things .
NEU dreidelspin the great humanitarian of 850,000 jewish refugees from arab countries has been recognised . / / what about 3 millions of palestinians refugees living in diaspora around the world ? do they have any rights or just jews do ? did they deliberately keep them in camps to expose human misery to the world for sympathy ? no ! / / / are you saying about the palestinians who are living in sabra and shattila who deserve to be compensated and have the right to return to their stolen homes in palestine .
POS if this is fascism then it is n't too bad . and the millions of immigrants waiting for citizenship in the us apparently agree with me . as for the department of homeland security , every polls shows americans think they are doing a good job .
NEU `` the treaty is not a leagally bindig one until it has been ratified by 30 states . '' how many have ratified it so far ? just curious .
NEG i think we can only laugh at a discussion started by someone who reads the word `` iraq '' and thinks `` iran '' .
POS you can use wikipedia safely as a source if you are already an expert in the field . then you can see if the article you are using has been edited by people who know about what they write . also good articles will cite sources which you can check out . to imrove the quality standards , wikipedia selects good articles and has an internal peer review system to give the best articles the '' featured article '' label . in this peer review one only looks if the article is well written . for cientific articles tis is not adequate . recently they have started a scientific peer review process by external scientists for these articles .
NEU whats your point ?
NEU vin : we also have low estate taxes and wealth is passed on -LRB- if you have it -RRB- and i do n't know one ` baby boomer ' that is counting on the government to ` take care of them ' . europeans always look for their governments , despite their inability to do so , to take care of them . americans do n't think like that .
NEG there was a bbc timewatch programme in 1992 about operation gladio . it is available of you look for it . it seems a significant proportion of baader-meinhof , eta , red brigade and ira bombs were planted by nato special forces . bloody , fascistic , self-harming theatrics to excuse clamp-downs on left-wing political movements . key link - <ahref=""> en.wikipedia.org/wik ... </a>
NEG di panna , `` palestinians blowing up civilians , israelis firing missiles at homes , lots of death and destruction ... just another day in the middle east ! '' do you suppose the uk were `` uncivilised barbarians '' during the ww2 ? what about the nato operation in kosovo - were you `` uncivilised barbarians '' there too ? in iraq ?
NEG despite years of international travel , chalabi had never encountered an extradition request or arrest warrant issued by the jordanian government . his bank went bust -LRB- its claimed everyone eventually got their money back -RRB- - he may be a crook but you base your accusations on the findings of a jordanian military tribunal . his bank petra was the only jordanian bank which would not help saddam during the 1980-88 war with iran . so when it was over its claimed petra suffered the consequences . saddam had a lot of influence in jordanian policy at that time .
NEU `` our mistake was to front two world wars and take out crippling loans from our pals in the states to pay for the second one '' . crippling loans ?? hardly ! you got most of it for free , as well as hundreds of thousands of americans giving up their lives to protect you . if anyone was ` crippled in this deal , it was the americans . better you should blame the germans and italians for your woes , big ob , not the americans .
NEG tony there is no law that says the un workers can not enjoy themselves and have to live on $ 5 a day just because thats what the average employed palestian is earning . tell me if your naighbor drives a ferrari because he can afford it you and most others drive a small cheap car do you do destroy your niaghbors car because its not right he has such extra vagant living . your way of thinking seems to be if somebody is richer than you then they have no right to enjoy that money because your not as rich as them and if they do then they should be attacked you would have done great under uncle joe stlins soviet union
NEG laugh my ass off this is the cause and effect of apartheid racist iran .
POS ` i have no idea what that means , but it sounds delightfully kinky ' sarah !! , -LRB- desade or otherwise -RRB- it was the word ` delightful ' which struck me . what an interesting way to divert a boring thread - congratulations to you and limbo - only joking - i valued highly your contributions to this thread - but have lost my bet ! yours le marquis !!
NEG i fear there are hundreds if not thousands of iraqis who had been physically / , mentally abused by the coalition forces . it takes a lot of faith to believe that 200k + coalition forces do n't have it in them to teach these `` uncivilised brown people '' a lesson or two . you of course , like the saddam apologists will find a million ways to justify the unjustifiable and paint the coalition forces as angels delivering freedom to those `` ungrateful brown people '' .
POS laugh out loud - you too ? was a good way to get food after the pubs had closed .
NEG message posted by stuart davison i do not make false allegations - you are doing just that ! what happened to oona was disgraceful . galloway has done nothing to prevent the rise in anti-semitism which people like him whip up whenever there is a flashpoint in the me . galloway is clever and careful what he says but have you ever cared to think about who he chooses for his allies in respect . read the islamist . when 300,000 people are slaughtered for not being muslim it is fair to refer to it as genocide . the un did . also , he minimalised it by referring to it merely as a `` conflict '' . he did not just disagree with the iraq war - other also did . he crossed a boundary in his usual bellicose , aggressive and war mongering manner . i always supported the miners because of what thatcher was doing to them but hated scargill . he took them on a hopeless strike and he did not call for a ballot . how democratic was that ? two sides of the same coin . well how far should one go back ? why stop at the palestinians ? israel was orif = ginally a jewsih land . pakistan was originally hindu . australia was origianlly aboriginal . shall we expel all the australians ? of course not ! the indians were evicted from what is now pakistan . it is not an excuse - it is a ay of demonstrating that people use israel as a way of legitimacising heir jew hatred as they do not care about the many other flashpoints all over the world or miimalising them . i was not even inferring that . you are suggesting that everyone is against hem and that the govt are at war with them . nonsnense . i see this is you favourite word ! they have been under attack for many years and as i have already stated israel was populated by refugess not allowed anywhere else . if you are to insist on it being a settler state then blame balfour who wanted rid of the jews . you ca n't have your cake and eat it . you are a victim of your own prejudices . the me is not by any means he worst tragedy afflicting humankind .
NEU well noted isasc , the first flag the kosovan muslim refugees saw upon crossing the kosovo border was the magen david flying over the two field hospitals israel got in there . i believe the uk sent blankets . similarly they were the first outsiders to arrive during the last turkish earthquake , again with field hospitals . did n't see any mega rich saudis there though .
NEG did you read the link missipp1 ? aziz denied making the claims coleman stated .
NEU <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> the thing is , we can stop responding , but then he just talks to himself like tao does .
NEG hamas is incharge , but you are not allowing hamas to take charge ...
NEG it is interesting how everyone is only interested in genocide when israel?jews / zionists?america can be blamed ...
NEG competitors and spectators alike must stand up and take some personal responsibility -- for the suffering that these games will cause . by taking part and spectating -- they condone the actions of the chinese authorities . but those most to blame for this suffering -- are those in the olympic committee who voted for the 2008 olympic games to be held in china ,
NEG including the 19 years before occupation ? please explain how israel could 've forced jordan and egypt to give the palestinians the land they ostensibly fight for now . p.s. maybe one day the two countries could merge . if it does happen it will only happen out of peaceful coexistence with the many years ' time required for both sides to heal . israel will not be allowed to keep the west bank and hamas will not be allowed to fulfill your dream .
NEG `` your only concern is whether he said `` praise jesus '' ?? point was that all religions inspire `` extremisim '' - including christianity that you are so fond of '' . my concern is twofold . the first is that you lied in attempt to make a point of some sort . the second is that you equated the bombing of a building with the murder of hundreds of kindergarten students in breslan , russia . both are inexcusable . `` even if the phrase was never documentated - doesnt change the fact that christianity was the source - which was the point of the statement '' . then that is what you say , not lying in order to defend the indefensible . do you really believe you can make statements like that and get away with it ? `` is that clear enough transplanted canadian ? or do you need to consult your priest ? '' born and raised in canada , formula1_fan , and never felt the need for any religious leader . but despite this lack of religious instruction , i still do n't lie .
NEU i 'd go for dementieva . she just needs to learn to serve .
NEG hi grant , well i do n't really think you need to do a tour of choeung ek or tuol sleng museum to bring you enlightenment about the evils of socialism . but of course i assume for you any romantic view of socialism had ran its course by the time you left adolescence behind . that said there are quite a few euro lefties on this bbc message board that should spend a few hours sitting in the brick cells in the classrooms of tuol svay prey high school . maybe that experience outside the university lecture hall would bring them back to the light . it 's pretty hard to wave the flag for socialism after standing in front of a pyramid of 8,000 human skulls at choeung ek . if you are feeling up to it but make sure its not before you eat google `` tuol sleng museum '' and/or `` memorial stupa choeung ek '' . but do n't do it on a day you are feeling at all depressed because it is not for the squeamish . it is socialism at it 's worse and that is really saying something . warmest regards , smoker
NEG i lived in the middle east for 6 years and i know very well what sharia law is . undemocratic , intolerant , dictatorship by a bunch of bearded weirdos . these guys take our tolearance for weakness and use it as a cover for their insidious power move in the west . islam is like a cancer and needs to be cut out .
NEU if we take india , we should also take australia .
NEG you can print cartoons of the sauds and george in bed , and noone will mind , you can print ben laden in bed with goerge and noone will mind . but print cartoons of mohammad and campare it with printing anne-and hitler people will still mind , because you are comparing apples with oranges .
POS my pleasure ... . . if we all shared what we know everybody would know everything about every body/thing ... a god concept ? is the board into virtualisation ... 5g/6g ... ? is h3g3 , a government hosted artificial intelligence ?? or should it be ?
NEU rita , please tell me this is a jingle-clone and not another anti-you poster ? i do n't know how you can stand it . you 're one tough cookie ! EMO_HAPPY
POS 20-year old whisky ? i wonder how good it will taste ? mmmmmm . i have a pakistani co-worker who is returning from vacation . maybe i 'll have him bring back a bottle .
NEU very tongue in cheek would n't you say ? at least you wo n't cut your tongue on any teeth
NEG the swiss model then ... allow the portugese immigrants to clean the toilets but boot them out back to france and italy every evening ? if the native population is unwilling to do certain jobs ... that is both at the top and at the bottom of the chain ... then immigrants fill that void ... there only that many administrative roles available ... there are plenty of people with degrees , but very very few people able to think for themselves ... its tragic ... nobody wants to be a trader any more ... nobody likes the responsability ... they all want to be little administrators who -LRB- if they are good -RRB- can spend 40 years at work without every once having to make a decision ...
NEG they could be lying ... ... ... ... ... mind you - that president ahmadinejihad is a lovely guy and would never do such a thing . if you think he is a great guy lucilla we have nothing to worry about then do we ? funny how he is scared to show his nuclear plans though . i wonder why ?
POS j.j. do n't feel that you need to hold back . speak your mind !
NEU yes . i have always said this . i have always believed the `` war on terror '' to be hypocrisy , on both sides . was i supposed to register this somewhere at the time in case anyone asked me later ???
NEG `` oh dear , simon21 comes onto these boards and talks about the 50 million dead of world war ii , and blames it on christians . fact : not all of the combatants were christians . fact : six million of the victims were jews . people of all religions and none fought on both sides . it was n't a religious war . '' is that so . and that would be because it does n't suit you to characterise it as such . the hatred that saw the jews put to death that had nothing to do with centuries of christrainanti-semitism ? `` nd when it comes to islamic jihad , he obviously ignores the 270 million plus non-muslims killed in total by islamists simply for being infidels . '' islamist , moslems , jihad , infidels -LRB- a latin catholic word but hey lets stretch a point -RRB- can i respectfully ask if you know the meaning of any of them ?
NEG you claim jesus is not the son of god that 's pretty insulting to christians .
NEG that did n't seem to worry britain and europe when it faced conquest by the nazis , when it needed loans and donations to rebuild the continent , when it needed protection from stalin . i 'd sooner these people as allies than the sort of people the far-left associate with ...
NEG `` if the catholic church is being criticized for its cover-up of the abuse of women and children , for example , then that is the same motivation as racism to you . it springs from the same source . the fact that people might be legitimately outraged , disappointed or otherwise critical of this behaviour is of secondary importance to you . first , the racism behind such charges must be dealtwith '' but catholics are not characterised as a race as moslems are . judaism is a religion - does that mean the nazis were only making a religious judgement ? one need n't be a conservative to have a regard for language , words and their meanings and , yes , technically they are very correct . '' except that conservbatives see moselms as a race and frequnetly use the anti-semetic language of the 1930s to criticise `` islam '' . this is why such criticism is frequently anti-semetic . `` to not be allowed to be critical of others is surely a racist attitude . it suggests that these people are less than adults and must be treated with kid gloves , like children . '' criticism is one thing anti-semetism another . are jews children because grant et al will not criticise them ? `` the fact is that every person , society , culture and religion can be criticized and we should not withhold this criticism because we feel them to be inferior or immature . '' but when this cricism as it does descends into racism and is fueled by hatred and ignorance ? is hitler 's verbal `` critiques '' of judaism to be allowed ? `` responding to legitimate criticisms of any group with charges of `` racism '' is probably the lowest form of debate , and denigrates further the group under discussion . '' whereas to characterise people of a certain religion as belonging to some vast conspiratorial group all of whom think and feel the same is what ? enlightened debate ?
POS i 'm a little ` under the weather ' today ham sandwich ... sorry ... i was just thinking about juicy pears ... i do n't have any ... yet ... harvest season ... juicy stuff . apple picking etc. . <ahref=""> <ahref="">
NEU not in the us when i learnt when avs was 30c a gallon !!
NEG i thought the american-led sanctions were the cause of most of the deaths .
NEU hi y ? ** , y ? quote : `` the play was n't a failure in that it was n't allowed to open . '' which means what ? it was a success ? who did n't allow this play to open ? the us government ? the us people ? the cia ? mossad ? the jewish space aliens controlling the world ? or maybe it was the financial backers who took a cold hearted look at advance ticket sales . tell us `` who '' did n't allow it to open ? warmest regards , smoker
NEG why am i not surprised at the democrats being blatantly politically partisan and opportune over this deal . sitting back and criticising bush for sitting back and letting them there nasty arabs from dubai buy into american ports . it stands to reason it would undermine security does n't it ? you would never get democrats agreeing to a thing like that would you ? no us security would be safe with them . hillary has certainly been quick of the mark -- she has made her opposition clear . but if these arabs are so untrustworthy - why are gore and carter and various other democrats , and of course good old bill -- so happy to associate themselves with them ? <ahref=""> well maybe it 's not quite so straightforward after all -- but maybe all our democrat supporting friends on this board can explain it to us . myself i like the last sentence -- talk about shades of tessa !
NEG it 's just absurd , mn . nothing to do with you .
NEG you may mock young lady , but our mars explorer made a bloody bigger hole in the martian landscape than yours , so there .
POS i heard they 're gon na get married .
NEU according to the laws of well everything america is a soverign state ... if americans feel the need to fry those they deem miscreant so be it ... of course there is a strand of though which follows this mantra , if they refuse to be civilised we will civilise them ... but i understand this mantra is applied only to those who we can whop !
NEG stuart , just tell me what he meant , stop stalling .
NEU `` the opponents of the iraq war critize the rationale of the invasion '' . so you 're not against the war , only the rationale ? genocide was n't enough for you ? `` is iraq better off without saddam - ofcourse it is '' . so you are for the invasion and the war then ? `` the supporters of the war need to realize the end doesnt always justify the means '' . what means and what ends are you referring to ??
POS heh , i usually post on the football forums so i 'm not used to such frank and honest replies you are probably right , the `` thank you '' video is a good thing , even if a little unorthodox . it certainly makes a stark contrast with most of the images we see coming from that region . i 'll be interested to see how this campaign goes when it is released on the tv , i 'd imagine mr. blair for one will be delighted with it .
NEG it doesnt really matter `` who '' sprayed the graffitti . the fact that the person/child who sprayed the graffitti chose graffitti as their outlet shows that they are immature wums and have zero powerbase beyond cowardly spray painting words on a wall . a person who sprays graffitti mostly shows that they are a loner , a rogue , a loser in life whose only outlet , cry for attention comes through defacing private property . they are essentially no different than many message board posters - they just may or may not have access to a computer/internet .
NEG posted by zeldalicious < < < < the african nations have been going to war and killing each other for centuries > > > . i ca n't dispute the fact that the continent i grew up in is in a state of constant turmoil and i sometimes wonder if the problem will ever be solved . but then again so is the middle east and many muslim countries ... .
NEU liberty , yes . however , what does that have to do with the price of beans ? deflect , deflect , deflect . that 's your game .
NEG ian , i 'll be delighted to oblige , the moment after you accept that you tried , abysmally , to defend what some -LRB- including me -RRB- are now euphamistically calling , `` a joke '' -LRB- i 've noted with interest , intrigue and suspense that you have yet to label palin 's comments `` a joke '' -RRB- , and an apparently sexist one at that .
NEU editorial note : this conversation has been moved from ` uk news ' to ` world news ' .
NEG no doubt you think it a zionist conspiracy ? just as your government wants you to believe . it stops you from noticing their own failings .
NEG oh ! excuse me . i thought you started your response by trying to wriggle out of the venezuelan import claim . and if was n't central to your point why did you introduce it in the first place and then try to defend it ? so anyway , what was your central point ? that boris is going to get rid of city hall planners ? seeing as he 's reluctant to find them lucrative things to do , perhaps he should ! or was it that subsidies to the middle class can never be justified ? or that despite chavez policies being equivalent to policies our own governments pursue with little or no criticism , we should condemn him anyway ? you 'll have to make your points a little more explicit and your factual errors less visible !
NEU `` democracy '' in action anyone surprised by this ?
NEU didnt mr. rumsfeld use precisely that argument against the soviet union at the start of his career ?
NEG `` adopting that style undermines whatever quality there might otherwise have been in you post . oh , hang there was n't any quality . my mistake '' . yes , it is your mistake . what i find fascinating about this is that it was only wendy who addressed the issues directly , even if they were wendyisms . the eurolefties , meanwhile , either refused to read them at all or sidestepped by offering their tired old opinions of the war should never have been fought in the first place . how very dull . wendy and her colleagues will beat you eurolefties any day of the week . and war is divisive , huh ? whoda thought ?
NEU = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = ** i do when i want them to study up for a change . do n't you think you 've drank enough koolaid to kill a mule ?
NEG when will you give up tony ... 9/11 is a lost cause . < < < i will give up when i see apartheid israel leave the w.bank and e.jerusalem taking with them those undesired colonizers . truth hurts !
NEG if we want to make a list of things most muslims do n't understand we can start with irony , but then we could move right along to human rights , democracy , economics , and public education , all the way down to areas such as road construction and building codes .
NEU the germans were christian by religion.you can describe any secular ideology as ` pagan ' should you so choose .
NEG you are the one having a love afair with the notion that the british have a love affair with ww2 . in fact i doubt it is being taught in schools -LRB- exept possibly to misrepresent the dresden raid -RRB- and few schoolchildren could tell you anything coherent about ww2 . err . . is there any way the germans could have denied their past ?
NEG quattro there is no effect without a cause , such is the law of nature . israel is occupying the palestinians lands , killing its innocent people , keeping them surrounded by apatheid ugly walls , jobless , without food , without hope , and still you blame the palestinians ? say enough to bloodshed !
NEG ahh you say that now , i dont believe a word of it !!!!
NEG `` the man has a 29 % approval rating for god sake . '' he 's right up there with the president of the united states .
NEG `` and that he believes all muslim males have no self control and driven to uncontrollable sexual urges at the merest hint of a female form or a strand of her hair . '' this is probably more cultural than religion , but has anyone been to north africa , in tunisia or morocco ? the harrassment of women there is absolutely disgusting . i 'm talking on the streets , beaches , restaurants , cafes , markets , and malls . anywhere in public , men are relentless in pursuing anything female , especially european-looking women . it made a dream vacation entirely unpleasant for my wife and other female members of our party . two danish women we met cut short their trip in marrakesh after getting tired of all the groping , leers , comments , stalking , etc. .
NEG censorship is n't just by a government jobsworth with a blue pen , grant .
POS thanks for your support ! if i can be forgiven for slightly hijacking this thread for a second , childline is currently in danger of having to close down its nighttime service because of lack of funding . of course nighttime is its crucial time . i 'm trying to get together a charity book deal to raise some funds , but am afraid that it will be too late . if anyone is looking for a good charity to support -LRB- i know , i know , there are so many good charities to support -RRB- please consider childline . < / commercial break >
NEG `` any idea of where loach stands on darfur , for example , or uganda , or tibet ? '' i do n't know where you `` stand '' on those issues , grant , and i hear a hell of a lot more on your weltanschauung than loach 's .
NEG `` forget the usa , we want to join winners , not loosers '' . and which countries waiting in are the `` winners '' ? this response demonstrates that the eu , to many , is a hodgepodge collection of countries more determined to be anti american than to have any long term plans and goals encouraged and supported by the electorate . the united states certainly does n't feel threatened by the eu . why would they ? the us response to these shenanigans , like most of the non european world , is largely one of indifference . if europeans can convince themselves that they are winners and the american people `` loosers '' then they can believe that and join whatever organization they want that will encourage their self esteem . meanwhile the rest of the world can only sit back and watch with amusement , and a wee bit of apprehension for the long term .
NEU dear thread contributors i repeat , religions do not commit wrongs , people and governments do . the most unconstructive practice on this board and wider is the attack on religions -- for the ` hell ' of it . atrocities which are committed ` in the name of religion ' are committed by people who often use religion as a reason -- the crusade atrocities have often been re-examined in this light . relgions actually go wrong when they have leaders , sub leaders and sub sub leaders - not the opposite . if religion were truly personal and individual as it should be then the world would have 6 billion or so religions with no leader or peer group pressure interpreting their religion for them . then the world would be just as rotten if most people were evil but much better if most people were good . i think most people are good , be they of the so called 3 or 4 ` world religions ' atheists or disinterested just a ` personal ' thought . m
NEG `` an unfortunate accident in his childhood when someone dropped an iron on his face or something . '' not one of those palestinian `` workshops '' was it ? i heard business was `` booming '' .
NEG puydedome , i think we all know that the existence of holocaust denial in the penal codes of austria and germany is solely down to the legacy of nazi rule . basically it was enshrined in law to prevent germans or austrians seeking to argue that the third reich was not responsible for the atrocities both in the reich and in territories -LRB- 1939 - 1945 -RRB-
NEU the photograph in the article in the opening post of this thread posts an exceedingly interesting question . who exactly would jesus bomb ? hmmmm ... ...
NEG posted by dreidelspin you misread me . i was referring to ' -LSB- israeli civilians -RSB- the enemy killed -LSB- with rockets -RSB- ' . i 'm sure you can tell me how many israelis have been killed or injured after 18 months or so of the ` bombardment ' . let 's see how it compares in the end to the israeli death toll , post - ` solution ' ?
NEG the situation in ulster is very different , it is n't about scots and irish ; for one thing the settlers were a mixture of scottish presbyterians and mainly english anglicans , there have always been sizeable movements of populations between ireland and scotland , indeed the scots originated in scotland -LRB- true that the scots have a large amount of norse ancestry , but so do the irish -RRB- and if you look at ulster 's populations although mostly the presbyterians are of scottish ancestry , there has been a lot of mixing and many roman catholic 's of scots ancestry and protestants of long standing irish ancestry - it is n't a scots-irish issue , there are also no ancestral qualifications to joining any of the denominations involved - since the creation of the state of eire those perpetuating violence have mostly been trying to fight for an all ireland marxist state in opposition both to the state of eire and to not just the unionists in ulster but also many nationalists too , more recently the violence in ulster has focused against members of their own communities and is mere gangsterism and hooliganism having nothing to do with politics or religion .
NEU clinton joined kyoto ad bush pulled out ? a lot of progressive states are following the kyoto standard , without alerting their neo con populations . probably arnies state amongst them .
NEU which part of palestine is illegally occupied ? all of it , or those parts which were acquired as a result of all the wars initiated by israel 's arab neighbours . unlike the british who have not yet given back gibraltar and the falklands , israel has offered to return land in return for secure borders and a promise of no further incursions . the countries who have agreed , have had the land returned and now live at peace with israel , those who wont agree , have n't .
NEG interesting ... did n't the people elect an islamic government who stated that they would carry on the relationship with israel which was started by a previous government ? do you do any research or is it easier just to make things up ?
NEG naz , hamas are proscribed terrorists by usa and eu - fact . you wo n't be going to court . the bbc will for publishing it . it only take a complaint from the public to the police that the bbc have published encouragement to a terrorist organisation contrary to the terrorist act 2006 and the bbc are in trouble . by not removing stuart davidson 's post they are on thin ice .
NEG i just do n't understand all this bellicose talk of how tough iran is and how if the coalition failed in iraq then it ca n't make a success of disarming iran 's nuclear weapons . israel just showed that with a few planes it can scupper syria 's nuclear plans . it did teh same with saddam 's ambitions . with a few planes and missiles the coalition of europe , israel and the usa would devastate iranian ambitions in a an hour . all you need is stealth and big bombs . there would be no ground invasion . it would be an air war . syria 's air defences and radar just switched itself off when israel attacked . no retaliation was met . my guess is that iran is all talk and no substance , and the secret services know it . no-one will allow them to reach a point of no return .
NEU well i guess you have me there colonel . previous to your post , i had always thought that it was quite taboo for a muslim woman to be an officer in the military - thus putting her in a position to be a `` superior '' officer and have power over thousands of men . i recall when khadafi received such criticism in the muslim community for appointing a woman as one of his body guards . but , i am always open minded and willing to learn and thus grow and change . so can you please give me some examples of high ranking women military officers currently leading armies -LRB- as colonels and generals do -RRB- in muslim countries ? many thanks .
NEU <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes"> why do muslims take offence when their religion is referred to as muhammadism rather than islam ?
NEG xavier , you 're very right . i think i 'd take a million sonic booms over being ripped to pieces by flying nails .
NEG if this was a fight it would 've been stopped ... this is a rout ... a brutal beating ... atothez -LRB- az -RRB- is clearly in the wrong weight class . let 'm go smoker ... tko
POS no way ! there 's been loads of studies that show that regional english dialects in the uk far outstrip the us . in the us people like mistressofmydomains parents were more mobile and learnt a more harmonious english . they lost a few ` u 's on purpose to make themselves different . the number of words in common use in britain is huge .
NEU where are all , to a degree , guilty of it . except me , of course .
NEU i agree . many pro-pal people on this board always talk about the early israeli paramilitary groups , stern , irgun , haganah , etc but they forget that the idf stopped them , by sinking the altalena . abbass needs to have his ` altalena moment ' . a decisive battle against hamas , plo , ij , and stop them once and for all . if he doesnt , israel must quickly attack and destroy all terrorist cells they can find . despite international pressure .
NEG `` if the government is corrupt should n't there be some oversight rather than have it continue ? '' yes . but how does that have any bearing on the issue ? there is nothing to stop that oversight being subject to democratic control . `` if people are willing to fight and die for democracy , surely trying to contain a corrupt leadership through changes in the bureaucracy might be more acceptable than replacing an entire government . '' it might be and it might not . it would depend on what those changes meant for people whose democracy is involved . `` are you only willing to accept perfect democracies throughout the world , hart ? '' your position is ridiculous grant since a willingness to ` accept ' imperfect democracy should never replace a preference for perfect democracies or surpress criticism of imperfect ones . `` if only you eurolefties would complain as much about dictatorships the world might advance at a more rapid pace than it is at the moment and those people living under these corrupt government might attain peace and prosperity some time sooner than they are now . '' that is nothing more than a feeble , generalising and hypocritical strawman from you grant , who is very selective about your criticism of dictatorships based on your own small minded and bigotted prejudices . your arguements might have more merit if you could demonstrate that you have the least clue about functioning democracy . however on these boards you have demonstrated time and again that prattle well beyond your understanding . `` the eurolefties are always complaining about any advances in democracy , while insisting on it for themselves . '' more baseless tripe from you grant and risible in the fact that the op is about the lack of an advance in democracy . `` interestingly , that 's under threat on your home threat also . '' that 's nothing more than a fantasy of yours grant .
POS general you 've probably eard this but worth repeating re your post : a bear a lion and a chicken were talking . ` when i growl the whole forest trembles ' said the bear . ` when i roar the whole jungle is in fear ' said the lion . ` so what ' said the chicken , ` when i cough the whole planet wets itself ' j
NEG anti-semite rabble rouser do you have a life beyond these boards ? the presence of you and your ilk is a detraction . that goes for the zionist spin doctors haunting these boards as well . all the genuine posts get pushed aside with this nonsense .
NEG tonysilver if the pals dont stop complaining and blowing themselves up and join the real world make serious compromises and give up violence forever then soon enough they will be joining the dinosaurs as one of those creatures that lived on the earth once but are now extinct children might read about them we might see some of their bones in museums but we will never see a living being they will be history and nothing else while israel and its jewish supporter worldwide who it it united with will go from strengh to strenegh first the me next the world maybe you should think about supporting the jews because they are on the winning side
NEG mao killed somewhere around , what , 40 or 50 million chinese people . are you sure he said `` swim '' ?
NEU `` and as for health , nobody has yet put forward the relative cost of that health per capita . '' if i understand correctly , the information is well documented and the us actually has the hightest % gdp health spending : 15.2 % , followed by switzerland 11.5 and germany , 11.1 . now , what exactly is contained in that percentage is open and subject to further discussion . in previous documents i read that it contains a lot of indicators which include not only the actual hc services and treatment/medications but also research , quality of staff , enviromental/hygiene costs , and many others . how that translate in an overall `` population health index '' is there 's such a thing , im not sure ; but there are other related indicators such as life expectancy , of death/birth , etc that may give us a good indication where things are ... hope this helps .
NEG for gawd 's sake ! have n't you ever seen south park ? it has jesus hosting a cable show called ` jesus and pals ' and one episode where moses shoots lasers out of his eyes .
NEG matches is on fifa 's agenda . unbelievable . <ahref=""> edition.cnn.com/2005 ... </a> i suppose it has nothing to do eith blatter being swiss .
NEU you can plant your own trees for production in the uk <ahref=""> ironically the black truffle would have thrived in the conditions we 've had this year .
NEG a dump ? and what people are these ? and what dump ? do you perhaps mean a ghetto ? where living conditions are so unbearable , little food , little shelter -LRB- and the shelter that is left is systematically destroyed -RRB- , little to no health care ? dump ! i can not believe the crap and the constant dehumanization of palestinians on this board .
NEG i am an unabashed zionist and proud supporter of israel . i have in the past had two significant events in my life where i interacted with muslims and arabs . in one i worked for a year with feisal eighteen inches to my right and muhammad eighteen inches to my left . both were of indian extraction , one being pakistani and the other indian . the other experience was where i worked for six months in a small company that was entirely staffed by lebanese , both christian and muslim . the two owners with whom i worked closely everyday were a lebanese christian and a muslim syrian . with just about all of these people i participated in completely engaging but civil debate . muhammad and i had a lot of fun as he was a huge cricket fan and taught me the ins and outs , but he was apolitical . feisal was an observant muslim of a liberal sect . we traded a lot of details about life in a mosque in comparison to life in a synagogue . he was a bona fide genius i think , and he also opened my eyes to issues vis--vis the muslim world and the u.s.a. the syrian was a brilliant man extremely well versed in contemporary history . he had me really working hard and i had to re-examine a lot of previously conceived notions i had . by the way , all without exception were western educated ; not necessarily in western institutions but rather in the western tradition . i like to think i am an intellectually honest person . i invite you to travel the link to my posts to examine my arguments . this has been my experience : i have met here some rabid pro-zionists whose posts i personally find embarrassing . the rabid anti-zionists seem to be an order more vitriolic . i can sense the blind hatred . also , they are easily frustrated with the simplest critical thinking . there really is no debate here at all . it is all quips based on self-enforcing and cross-referenced hate propaganda . to even question its veracity brings immediate indirect fire as opposed to an actual response . based on my own reading and research there is certainly a palestinian narrative of merit . to say otherwise , in my opinion , is nonsensical . i have participated in excellent debate and exchange of information here on these boards . a fair number of times i have been challenged by posters ' comments that required me to stop and re-examine my thinking . always these have been alleged facts that i was not previously aware of and i spent the time researching the issue and verifying the facts . a case on point is my discussion with ed regarding water usage in israel/p-territories . without exception every post that i felt had merit and that i fact-checked did not pan out . some citations were to reputable pro-palestinian sources that i had to delve a lot deeper into the primary source data -LRB- un reports and the like -RRB- . a lot was just unsubstantiated myth mongering devoid of any sources at all . some others were simply foolish . i remember one citation that was to a headline to the effect of `` israel - -LSB- some atrocity -RSB- '' . i tried clicking the headline but there was no link , no links anywhere on the page for that matter . it was just a list of made up headlines . i very strongly notice that all of the pro-palestinian myth mongering is cross-referenced . each `` argument '' refers to other self-documenting resources that refer back in a web of cross-references . then , of course , there is pallywood and fauxtography , the arab/muslim art of invented videos and photographs . finally , there are out-and-out lies that are apparent on their face , ranting really . i did my own research into the apparently endless list of israeli atrocities . i found several clear acts of improper military behaviour , but only a few . i found some of unacceptable civilian behaviour towards palestinians . then there is the government based acts , an example of which is uprooting olive orchards . finally , there are actual war crime type atrocities , for example , the 800-900 arab deaths in this category during the 1948 war as explained by the `` new '' historian benny morris . now , do i mean that palestinians are not killed -- not at all . in my view , the vast majority of so-called atrocities , war crimes , genocide , ethnic cleansing , animal behaviour , etc. ad nauseam , is related to the palestinian insurrection -LRB- intifadah -RRB- in the occupied territories of gaza and the west bank and the israeli attempts to manage and quell the insurrection . these actions fall into a few categories : 1 . clearing a designated military reserve of protestors 2 . quelling insurrection -LRB- rock throwing , etc. -RRB- 3 . immediate retaliation to armed attacks 4 . pro-active attacks by the idf to degrade and destroy palestinian military capabilities 5 . ongoing border screening in other words , i do n't deny the suffering of individual palestinians . i both sympathize and empathize with the pain and suffering . the two peoples are at war . the idf will make every effort to avert collateral damage , but civilians will get hit when a qassam stockpile is hit . palestinians have to wait hours at the border , but every parcel , truck , ambulance , and person must be physically checked for suicide vests and ordinance smuggling . only about 5 % of palestinian attackers get through . that means for every bombing in tel-aviv or jerusalem , 19 others were thwarted or caught at the border . for better or worse , until a final settlement is reached , israel is responsible for the populations in the territories and for order and security . violent insurrection can not be allowed lest anarchy take hold . as part of the occupation , certain areas are classified by military authorities . the justness of it or not is not my point . when a soldier with a rifle under orders to clear the area tells you to do so , one takes his life into his own hands to disobey . when qassam rockets are fired into israel , you can bet your grand-mother 's pearls that a bigger rocket is coming back your way . for that matter , if a palestinian fires rockets next to a civilian home , he knows that the return fire may hit that home as well . he ought to take responsibility for his choice . what are eight year olds doing throwing stones at tanks intermixed with adults armed with assault rifles . all of this is ongoing military operations between two peoples at war . they are not acts of genocide or ethnic cleansing or anything like that . with some exceptions , i find most pro-palestinian posters fall into one single pattern : a two or three sentence post of unsubstantiated outrageous claims . when one calls them out for evidence , i have gotten the run-around as i described above , or just non-answers . i have been engaged in serious debate by pro-palestinian supporters on these boards in only a small minority of instances . i find that this profound penchant for dishonest debate is not so much acts of actual dishonesty , rather it is part and parcel of the overriding arab social characteristic of face-saving , i.e. self-deception . that is , as far as i can tell , so long is face is saved publicly , all is well . prime examples of this are astounding claims of military victory in the face of catastrophic losses and on the verge of military annihilation . by and large i find the scales of dishonest debate tips acutely toward the pro-palestinian side .
POS ... . the voice of reason . listen to him and you 'll hear the voice !
NEG qubal i know they have said its not economical for us airlines to put role playing games defense systems on their aircraft but have they decided to put air marshels on all flights internal as well as international or is that something still being considered based on cost ?
NEG makes you wonder what rights the non-jews who inhabit -LRB- ed -RRB- the palestine area for 1000 years or more should have now . most were driven out in the last century . there ias always the aliya for any jews who want to go to their homeland ? boydavey/greywolf/formerusername why are you bothering replying with your mushy propagandist nonsense to me ? give it a rest eh ?
NEG so they won 4-0 but how bad were the ukraine ? . did anyone watch the game ? . caught bits of it on the radio at work and they had fits over the sending off of the ukrainian player . referee is an idiot and all that .
NEG yes , send in the immigrants whites in the minority in 2050 ?
POS d-ream ` things can only get better ' no reason . might lighten the mood .
NEG ` german chancellor angela merkel has warned europe it faces an `` historic failure '' if it does not revive the deadlocked european constitution ' . chancellor merkel makes a bold and perfectly valid point , however . without agreement , there is and will be no european union .
NEG no , i am a kashmiri from pakistani occupied kashmir , pakistan has done nothing but looted and killed 40,000 innocent kashmiris through islamic terrorism . and lets not forget pakistan has handed over chunck of pakistani occupied kashmir to china . did the pakistanis consult the kashmiris ? no . ask any afghan , how mych they like or trust pakistan . zero .
NEG people forget that under the geneva convention and universal laws on war conduct it is perfectly acceptable to attack your enemy where they live , taking care to safeguard innocent people where possible . targetted killings are acceptable to the west , as much as jqack straw likes to pretend that its only israel who is not allowed to fo it . targetting saddam at the start of the iraq war was one such incident where the uk thought it acceptable to target saddam
POS in fact , the automobile continued rolling after all the shots were fired . see my post above on whether shooting at a driver can be considered a sensible way to stop a driver . actually no . one may search far and wide and find occasional incidents where a 40,000 person strong police force in a city of 8 million with at least 1.5 million visitors every day commits excessive force . the reality is that the nypd has a very good record of not using excessive force . and its record has improved over the years . what is lost in this debate save for my post , is that the nypd will review and severely rebuke the officers as soon as the federal civil rights actions are exhausted - whether the officers go to jail or not . the nypd can not begin its own action until the various prosecutions are complete . the nypd has not supported the officers here . what statements it has made make clear it is leaning to finding the officers acted inappropriately .
NEG perfectly true -- and it was only at the insistence of tony blair that britain entered iraq . tony wanted to be accepted as a member of the ` rat pack ' and followed the u.s. blindly . he had ears only for the white house and would not listen to his mps , party members , or the british electorate . iraq certainly was not a bed for terrorists before the invasion -- but tony and george ploughed that region and look at the deadly harvest iraq and the world is now reaping .
NEG quick question pu - when saddam hussein invaded kuwait and made it obvious that he would go on to saudi . in your opinion should the allies have sat back and left the other m.e. states to sort things out - `` do you just have candle light and fires in your abode ''
NEG not many , but the japanese were n't just killing americancivilians . they killed several million chinese , over a million indonesians , a million or so in french indo-china , several hundred thousand in burma and india . the atomic bombs ended japanese resistance which saved millions of japanese civilians from starvation and pointless deaths in a futile resistance . ------------------------------------------------ but it was america which atom bomb , noone says it was the world or the allies ... america . a-bomb saves lives . period . . if it saved life during second world war , no need to even question how destructive it can be ...
NEU simcha colonsing the moon and making it a fertile place to live might be a good project for the future < < < i believe that zionists can do that with their money . they can even put a new israel there ! it will be the only state out of poor and sick planet earth . don  t forget to take uncle sam flag with you !!!!!
NEU right . it was offered by barak . the denial was for a general right of return . what was offered was that palestinians would be absorbed into israel on a case-by-case basis on humanitarian grounds , for example the unification of families . it was n't much of an offer as this already exists in israel . between 1991-2003 over 100,000 palestinians have taken up this offer and moved into israel . what else , then ?
NEG there ya go ruth , each of your rather bigoted points addressed
NEG within days of the democrats controlling the us senate they have called for troop cuts within months hear is the link <ahref=""> apparently the democrats also said during the mid term elections they ; would not cut and run ' well it seems that they are doing the complete opposite no suprises there then
NEG thats bull . and whats more you know its bull . its a symbol of their bigotry and with a very large minority of them it is a symbol of their allience with the terrorists . if its so needed why the hell dont they get out of europe to wear it where its mandatory ?
NEG '' ruth , what do you mean he has n't addressed any of it . '' whoops . typo . that was intended as a question . '' i know because he 's completely missed what i 've said and presented a completely false interpretation . '' -LRB- i assume we 're talking about message 203 . -RRB- rubbish . all he 's trying to do is spell out his own opinions , and i fail to see how it 's false , or irrelevant in a discussion the only aim of which seems to be to go round in circles talking about anti-semitism . i fail to see any particular direction in this discussion , least of all how it could ever have an end . that 's a pattern i 've noticed with much of your debates . the only reason i can tell for debating in such a way is that , as many people will attest , it gives you ` victories ' . well , not by my definition . there 's more to debating than outlasting another poster . '' well that 's a pretty good guess . i wo n't address what he 's said specifically because it 's totally missing the point of what i 've been talking about . '' there you go . you 're not constructively replying to what your opponent has to offer . you 're simply refusing to debate it on the grounds that you disagree . in place of actually debating , you spend the whole time demanding that you 're opponent retracts what he 's said . to bolster this demand , you force words into your opponent 's mouth and claim he -LRB- or she - no male inadequacy here -RRB- is ` demonizing ' you , and other such clap trap . '' that 's an unsubstantiated statement on the back of a misrepresentation of what 's being argued . '' that 's his opinion , which he has inferred from what you have written . i have sympathy with his opinion . '' all of this -LRB- of yours -RRB- is avoiding my points still on the table '' sorry ruth , i do n't have a clue what your points are . you 'll have to satisfy predatory lust with anthony .
NEG / / / haesten , what exactly is your problem with gay people ? / / / i do n't think haesten - has a problem with gay people . it 's the other way round gays think people have to kowtow to them !
NEG and it is wholy unjustifiable . it has created grave tensions between ourselves and the honourable arabs . it has costed dear in lives and pain for the wonderful palestinians , that so many european jews were allowed to settle in their land . it has costed us dear in pure economic terms , when the arbs turned the taps in 1973 , following the unanimous western backing of israel in the october war of that year . the resulting recession was the worst the world had seen since the 30 ` ties , bringing the otherwise succesfull boom that have lasted more or less un-interrupted since the end of the second world war to an abrupt end . it made the prices go up 4 times , then salaries rose 4 times , with the inevitable result of a 4 times rise in inflation , when governments tried to cushion the crisis by taking on loans . britain was very close to defaluting on its debts and being put under the administartion of the imf . some of these loans still runs today , albeit in a refinanced form .
NEG '' bet that you do n'teven know what a colt saa m1873 7.5 '' barrel is or come to that a whichester m1894 carbine . i doubt if you could tell a saa m1873 apart from a colt m1911 '' ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... i bet you do n't know the difference between a wooden single rubber band firing pistol , and an exciting triple band ` blaster . '
NEG that 's the point . you would assume that without treatment the host organism dies but it turns out that antibiotics are used in humans where the disease being treated is not life threatening but merely inconvenient and where , without treatment , the human would develop immunity to the disease , rather than the disease develop immunity to the treatment . in animals , antibiotics are used to increase yields and thus raise profits in the short term , even though the use of them gives future generations of farmers the problem of seeing their profits reduced to zero or less .
NEG bwahaha !! a former us marine is incapacitated by a domestic cat !! surely he should have lightening reactions and be hard as nails ? - pathetic also if he claimed the injury cost him # 10k in medical bills and # 6k in loss of income , why was he compensated for # 60k ?
NEG the holy land.the land that is holy yet it has caused so many deaths , that to call it should be called unholy now .
NEG are all danes still manic depressives ?
NEG you made the claim , the onus is on you to back it up or be a man and admit you made it up . if you want to make me look stupid , then post your evidence . if you want to continue to make you look stupid , do n't . p.s. if i knew it to be true , i would n't have challenged you in the first place .
POS would robert mugabe accept white , professional help ? if he were to say yes , then i am sure there are some very competent administrators , well able to set them back on their feet again , who would love the opportunity to visit the country/old country again .
NEG `` no ! that will end when those zionists learn some diplomacy and the palestinian people get their tolen lands back ! '' which diplomacy are we talking about , the palis lack of ... or the israelis lack of ? curious , what the hell is going on in your own country right now with these idiots who have taken to the streets ? i knwo you think of them as brothers and sisters but if i was you i would grab a good strong baseball bat and explain things to them .
NEG manchester me , so you think the jewish groups fighting against colonial rule in british occupied israel were not `` liberation groups '' ? i suppose you would think that the restance against nazi occupation of europe were not resistance groups ? in your book , only islamofacists could be `` freedom fighters '' - like hitlers lot !
NEG richard reed did so when the seucrity was this tight . those of us who travel often , know that at the airports its becomes impossible to carry anything without it being discovered by the x-ray machines . the security at the miami airport must have been pretty lousy , which led the marshals to shoot . because nomatter how people defend this killing , everyone knows that you can not even take a paper clip inside the plane without it being discovered through x-ray machine , and you mean the guy managed to take a bomb ? its a joke .
NEG `` do you have any idea what this fool is saying , cuban pete ? '' the reference to israeli training of kurdish forces is obviously lost on a fox news fan .
NEG it seems that a username of ` talmudist ' is acceptable even though it would be offensive to jews . therefore , since the bbc allows it i am sure they will allow me to call myself ` koranist ' .
NEG smoker surely you are not quite as daft as your message . the americans want to control the oil to stop anyone else controlling it , in particular their enemies . thats why they are in alliance with saudi arabia , and is why their worst nightmare would be if islamist extremists were to take control of saudi arabia . the small states in the gulf are either in alliance with america , or have american bases there , or both . you see america has to make sure it can get oil , and on favourable terms . thats whats meant by controlling the oil . there is also the question of dollars vs euros . thats a question i 'll leave alone for the minute . china is an expanding market for oil and american does want to make sure china doesnt get all the worlds oil , for it would mean the yanks could n't drive around in their big humvees , and that would never do . cheers .
NEG nice try , and i 'll give you credit for that . but none of this addresses the points raised in the original article which prompted this debate , nor does it address any of the subsequent points raised . my history and who i am should be of little interest to you . just address the arguements raised or move on to another thread . but there is no need for you to get personal with me . i 'm not interested in the least who you actually are and i 'd appreciate the same disinterest from you .
NEG / / michael moore is a transparent distorter of evidence / / / i 'm sure he uses the evidence to suit whatever personal expression he wishes to make . thats ' only been going on for about , what , the whole history of the human race ! besides , i would suggest that more flagrant distortions of evidence have been seeping out of the white house and number 10 for the last 8/9 years . indeed , and worse , the absolute manafacture of `` evidence '' has been seeping out . as far as i can see , if we 're getting into a moral bunfight and distortions of evidence , moore 's still winning for me .
NEG so in other words , opening casinos would open more vacancies in the uk 's mental health sector . or if their are budget cuts in the health sector , more work for the mental health workers .
NEU now , america recognizes that the key to peace in the me , is to solve , first of all , the israeli/palestinian conflict . this means that mother of all ills in the me troubled region is the israeli/palestinian conflict . well , let us hope , that old ugly conflict comes to an end ! .
NEG a judge had decided mrs miller was entitled to a substantial settlement because she married with `` reasonable expectation '' of a future wealthy lifestyle . now that is bs .
NEG `` to the muslim world , '' said barack obama in his inaugural address , `` we seek a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect . and we apologise profusely for invading iraq and causing the death of 600,000 innocent iraqis , and causing 1 million iraqis to be homeless . '' now that 's more like it . ------------------------------------------------ besides , its not about muslims , its about the american forgien policy ... the policy evilize a group of people , their beliefs and then destroy them ... the native americans , african slaves , england when it was the empire over north america , and on and on an on , ... if today muslims accept this apology look like thingie , the americans will find a new enemy and do the same thing to them . . i think muslims have an opportunity to end this american value , tradition and forgein policy . .
NEU '' ... however the fact that the `` us had eliminated regimes in iraq and afghanistan but failed to replace them with stable political structures '' is of course blanking out the fact that there are fledgling governments in both those countries that will , eventually , overcome their difficulties . '' if a think tank report slipped over into this kind of wishful thinking then it really should get a caning .
NEG i might be a little naive , but why can america have nuclear weapons pointing at iran , and then tell iran they cant have them ?
NEG that 's a stupid analogy . the arab middle east is millions of square miles , israel is a tiny part of it . a better analogy might be to say that suppose asians fleeing persecution in , say , africa had come to the uk , which they regarded as a homeland , to form a peaceful and prosperous minority , but the english had decided to murder and expel them , so the un had to step in and partition leicester for them to live in . at which time , armies from germany and france invaded to try and destroy leicester . they tell the remaining english inhabitants of leicester to leave because it is going to be destroyed , but the asians manage to fight them off . it would have been much better for everyone if the ugandan asians had been allowed to settle peacefully ... oh wait , they did . and now they generate 2.5 times as much gdp as the average person .
NEU fec people have been believing in a god since the dawn of mankind . this does n't make ` god ' a fact or visa versa but it does kinda make the believers a reality . the trick is for all concerned , be they believers in their god , aetheists or agnostics -LRB- such as i -RRB- , to use their intellectual energy in harnessing the good in all these facets , not in tring to impose their very personal views/beliefs on others , either through so called intellectual arguement or by force . j
NEU stevie , can you type completely in non-sequiteurs ??
NEG curious ... read the article in the new yorker -LRB- a magazine , btw , not a newspaper -RRB- ... if i had handed in a paper with so many he saids/she saids and ` sources close to the subject ' without any further evidence , my professors would have thrown my paper back in my face ... what happened to sy between college and now is anybodys guess ... he has arrived to his own conclusion -LRB- with few stops for actual facts along the way -RRB- based on his own prejudice , and then builds his story around that ...
NEG reaction : that these are muslims who would have no problem with cultural integration in the uk . i wonder how many lashes they get .
NEU i was saying the other day , you 've got to give me time . i 'm dead nervous , and am finding trouble plucking up the courage .
NEG `` i think the europeans do not understand the levels of incompetence in our government . '' the spectacular display of the bush administration has opened our eyes ! not since the days of nixon , have the names of so many of the governments staff been common knowledge to those who follow the news .
NEU mr edwards , i have had days like that too !! it is soul-destroying . i am not sure where you are posting from , but over here in the us we have developed a very effective method for dealing with golf outings like that . we call it `` the beer cart girl '' ! trust me ... several visits from her during your round and you wo n't care about your score !!!
POS there are about 5 million jews living in australia coastal area . the most expensive part of australia . lucky people , indeed .
NEG james why do you see every critique of your critique as a personal attack ? again , what branch of law do you practice ? i asked before and you never answered . that is how debate works , not you put up your side and we just accept it with out asking for clarification or offering counter opinion . you claim a neo-con economy benefits the rich but offer nothing but weak cliche generalizations and then when this is pointed out you say `` this is the response i get '' . for starters , in case you werent aware , a persons income tax is based upon their annual earnings in salary and holdings such as stocks , money market accounts , properties etc. even a massive tax break -LRB- for which there is a cap no matter who is in the white house as noted earlier -RRB- is not going to be a dent in the loses a very wealthy person would face in a weak economy . many wealthy people are doctors , business owners , heads of large business whose salary and bonuses are dictated by the companies profits . there are more people in the us that fall into the categories of middle-income , lower-middle income . these are the people that spend the most . so tell me how a rich doctor is going to benefit from their being fewer people with quality health insurance or the ability to pay their medical fees ? tell me how a rich business owner is going to benefit from the regular joe having less money to spend at his place of business ? tell me how a wealthy guy who runs a factory or retail store is going to benefit from lower production , less staff and lower profitibility ? quit putting out accusations and then claim `` personal attack '' when people try and point to flaws in the flaws you point out .
NEG ... what a surprise ! the sri lankans say that after the tsunami , a disaster far far worse than the force 3 hurricane which blew away parts of the american south , they had set up feeding centres within 2 days , there was no looting , no raping , no guns on the streets , no people performing in front of any tv camera they could find ... in other words they behaved in a civilised manner . they contrast that with the way the americans have behaved and ask how they can profess to be a civilised society . a question i have asked many times , but never had a satisfactory answer .
NEG surely the richest country on the planet can do better than this ? <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a>
NEG i find the psychology of the pro-gun nut interesting . so in your face and aggressive , alternating with a wheedling victimhood and a sneering snideness . in short precisely the sort of mental instability you would want to keep as far away from guns as possible . of course not every american gun owner is as bad as that , but there does seem to be a correlation with how much they care about having killing tools in the closet and how barking they are .
NEG of course it is . zimbabwe just proves how sickeningly opportunist and false all the rhetoric from the iraq hawks about ` humanitarian intervention ' was . the neocons in america and labour hawks here see nothing to gain by invading zimbabwe , whereas there was much to gain by invading iraq . saddam 's human rights record was a smokescreen to hide the real motives of the iraq invasion .
NEG dipanna east timor is a part of indonesia that was colonized by the portuguese and made it speak their language and have their cristian religion . but as muslims are always the losers , thanks to american and its baby israel , the indonesian people lost that part of their land .
NEG colonel ... then do n't sell us anymore , colonel ... that will solve that little problem ... keep it in your countries ... think the islamic money-loving sheiks will allow this ?
NEU i predict 1st april 2010 ... ... ...
NEG semantics . . `` then they 're just guilty of mass murder or terrorism , not genocide '' ok ... fine but i suspect that for columbia to get the international courts attention it is using the word ` genocide ' .
NEU `` there are some idjits in the us who are willing to do the same ... '' and in canada also , stevie . our government was at ne time hooked on the multicult fad and were throwing around money with an abandon that a drunken socialist sailor would envy . all that 's mostly gone now -LRB- with the predictable cries of racism when the funds started to dry up -RRB- and i 'm pleased about that , despite my own little cultural group being the recipient of some of their largesse . i 'm suspecting that although it 's too late for europe to do anything about their problems , quiet steps are being taken here to discourage immigration from a religious group prominent in the recent news . while we ca n't tar everyone with the same brush -LRB- we are still liberal people after all ! -RRB- i think it likely that messages written in code are being sent out to the customs people that should there be a close call between equally qualified applicants for residency , the successful applicant will not be a member of one of the world 's major religious groups . why take chances that one of them is n't intent on comitting terrorist acts when we know there are other people who just want to live in peace and make better lives for themselves and their families ?
NEU you mean like eating and working and sleeping ?
NEG i do not see this ` lone voice ' as daring to do anything . it 's very difficult to quantify the ` savagery ' in any meaningful sense . it 's true that in any community there are people who behave collectively and compassionately whilst there are those that do not . this is no great revelation in itself . a society that fosters ` individualism ' , that favoured by the journalist , is less likely to produce acts of solidarity . a society neglected in run down housing schemes whilst being bombarded with images of wealth is likely to produce a degree of anti-social behaviour . a society that , when a major storm hits , is met with loaded guns to prevent ` looting ' , one that is criminalised for being poor , is likely to show inappropriate rage and anger . the extent of this , we really do n't know . these are basic points . but they are far from the mind of this journalist . the point of the article is to make right wing points on the back of suffering .
NEG <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes"> that if the fat guy has asked for the permission from the mufti of mosque . thats my defination of tolarance .
NEG no just dangerous . what happens if a lump flies off and slams into the moon destabilising it 's orbit , causing tidal waves . or worse still canons off the moon and hits the earth . my god the americans are going to kill us all . george w was right , no need to worry about global warming we 're all going to die soon .
NEU and what about holland , france , germany , sweden and great britain . let their jews , muslims and christians live under one flag , one democracy and swear allegiance to their flags and national brethren . then we would be highlighting that 50-70 % of prisoners in france are muslims . we would n't need to make those distinctions because they would all be french citizens . what would it matter what religion they come from when everyone is a french patriot in a unified single mono-culture society .
NEG mon , 24 mar 2008 20:31 gmt , in reply to theforeverman4 in message 9 i do believe you 've made a mistake . in your message 7 you said : but ... ... but do you know where the knesset , the israeli parliament , sits ? in tel aviv ? wrong the knesset is in jerusalem . jerusalem and not tel aviv is the capitol of israel .
NEG `` is that a valid reason to abandon the iraqis to the tender mercies of al qaeda ? if the allied troops pulled out , i fear iraq would fall to islamofascism in a very short time . '' the foreign salafists are there entirely for the opportunity to have a pop at the americans . there 's no doubt that if the new shia rulers and baathists do n't make some agreements , there will be continued civil conflict . however , although the american troops are keeping a lid on this violence , they can neither solve it nor stop it .
POS very astute of you to recognise the potential for history repeating itself .
NEG `` they are a civilised people the iraqis , but now that gw cretin has killed many tens of thousands of them for no reason , except his own stupidity , will the fly some planes into his medicine cabinet , where he keeps his anti stupidity tablets to finally make him so stupid that he ca n't find the door of his cell ?? '' good lord , seeme the younger of the three personalities has emerged there ta tonka ... no ? yes , to the `` funny farm ... ho ho he he ... ! ''
NEG i knew i did something wrong ! it is astonishing , is n't it ? albert has , just on this thread within the past 20 minutes , been incredibly insulting to two people . my comment has been removed , and his stand . it 's a weird , weird world .
POS i 'm aware that you 're choosy - and you can afford to be my sweet .
NEG my best guess is that the martians will be taking-over teh uk before ` jews ' could be bothered . what if jews had bought trafalgar square and erected a 100 foot golden calf ? or maybe bought glasgow and turned it into a theme park ?
NEG shalom well i think that it is a fact that the book depository was behind and to teh right of the motorcade and that jfks head moved `` up and to the left '' there is not hollywoodisation of this simple fact , the simple logical explanation being that he was shot from front and to -LRB- his -RRB- right ... i.e th grass knoll , where by coincidence 54 people witnessed hearing a close gunshot and seeing gun smoke , one of those being a police man ... this is all documented evidence ... so applying occams razor here could only yield one possibility . also if your saying it is not logical that they could have put a couple of guy sinto the stratosphere for a couple of days , played a video on tv and then brought them back i dont see how you can follow that it is logical that they put a man on the moon in 1969 when computers were the size of a sportsfield the transistor radio was only just born and yet they havent done it since ! hey i 'll believe logic when i see some ...
NEG comprehension ??? i actually said that what they do in their own time , out of school is their business . if they want to indulge in anti-semitism then that is their business . if its against the law then its the law 's business ! you definitely missed that !
NEU or this . even as a muslim you must agree with this . it is the killers and their supporters who need to learn understanding and tolerance , not their victims .
NEU a unified position by the quartet is absolutely required to force peace . we 're tired of the circle of violence . there must not be individual counry wavering like chirac did with iran -LRB- chirac : `` it 's ok if iran has nukes . hey do n't quote me on that ! '' -RRB- .
NEG -LSB- quote -RSB- so , one has to ask , why did they go ahead and decide to put her forward for this award ? it has been suggested that she received the award as some kind of morale boosting exercise . well , i think it 's rather insulting to previous holders of this bravery award to suggest that the bar has been lowered to accommodate this notion . -LSB- / quote -RSB- somebody already mentioned pr ! beharry and his vc was another recipient whom people , in the services , questioned the reason why . i guess all i 'm saying is that in her case , many more servicemen have shown much more courage with much less recognition . insulting to previous holders ? yes perhaps , but the mod today is much more aware of the media image that it projects , besides the mod love to get a female on the front cover ! :d
NEG `` this is a general post script to hothousemat , puydedome , astute ann & all selective humanists on this board . selective humanists are those people who will preach fire & brimstone against any wrongdoing '' `` the selective humanists , demand that the jews should have different rules . i rest my case . '' well , well , well . for someone who does n't like racism and uneven-handed behaviour , ben sure knows how to pigeonhole ! i 've explained myself previously in this thread . from what i wrote there , it is obvious that ben 's latest post does n't apply to me and , therefore , i can only assume that ben has either skimped in respect of reading it , or has a cognitive malfunction . in either case , his posts are so one-sided that they deserve nothing but contempt . calling people `` racist '' when they 're not is unacceptable behaviour in my book . so i 'll treat his posts with the contempt that they deserve .
NEG you may know albert from such classics as `` america to blame for the ice age '' , an american started the great fire of london '' , a californian killed caesar '' or the much loved `` mcdonald 's started the black death ''
NEG i think you have missed out a couple of noughts in the number of israel 's nukes . so if iran sent one to israel , she could retaliate big time . firework night !
NEU it is rather amusing that judaism has evolved to the extent there are liberal and progressive jews who will break the laws of the torah . and we contrast that with islam where some muslims do seem to be stuck in the days of the beginnings of islam and some wish to take us all back there . contrast that judaism does n't want to take anyone anywhere .
NEG its in the media and in conflict with everyone including itself .
NEG sorry tony - its true ! < < the 14 year old al dura was dead > > and indeed he was , but that video at the time was a best-seller in arab homes showing the boy ` alive and well ' meaning that no palestinian martyr dies but they go on living in paradise which we all know palestinians truly believe . sadly enough it is not propaganda .
NEG just what does building french helicopters in mexico have to do with healing the drug violence ?? what is wrong with the british posters today ?
NEU to parker and solomon - / / madonna is n't jewish ! / / ... she is catholic but deeply involved into ` kabbala ' ... visits israel often and feels ` jewishness ' in her when she does . her jewish name is ` esther ' ... after all when one comes to think of it christianity was botn from judaism ... . .
NEU well sarah palin - i mean tina fey - i mean sarah palin -LRB- who knows at this point -RRB- did unveil her `` palin 2012 ! '' t-shirt on saturday night live this past weekend .
NEU <ahref=""> news.bbc.co.uk / 1/hi / ... </a> i thought waziristan was a funny name , how many more of these stans are there ? and which one has the best name ?
NEG ubergunner there should and no doubt will be an oc investigation . not sure what the ` cheat score ' by country over the years is , but i guess the uk has its ` fair ; share of/em . cheat stats anybody ? j
NEG i would agree with this but only up to a point and the article is n't clear about this : is it really , as you say , `` muslim-only time '' ? if so , i agree . if , as the article may be implying , these times are accessible to women of any faith that wish to swim in these particular conditions , then i disagree with you that it 's `` segregation by ethnicity '' . does anyone actually know ? by the way , this just reminds me of a sad personal story : years ago my mother was on an ulpan program rooming with a young palestinian woman and they became close friends . at that time my mother was a big swimmer and availed herself of the swimming pool on a daily basis for exercise and heat relief . after a number of months , her friend asked if she could go with my mom early one morning and have my mom teach her how to swim . they did this once and it resulted in verbal hostility from some arab men who happened to witness it . she wore a very conservative -LRB- by western standards , of course -RRB- one piece swimsuit and was careful to remain fully covered up until the last possible moment when entering and exiting the pool . a day later , the woman came to my mom in tears because the word had gotten back to her family in the west bank and they had phoned her threatening to remove her from the program if she did that again . she went again -- this time even earlier to avoid being seen and even more careful with regard to modesty . her family made good on their threat and she was gone in a matter of days and my mom was never able to contact her and to this day does n't know whether she received any of her letters or not or what became of her . i do n't care what people wan na do with regard to modesty and dress , in theory : but i do object to legal adults being denied the right to make their own decision on what they want to wear in places where it 's acceptable for others to dress the same -- ie , if it 's at a pool where swimsuits are accepted attire at that time .
POS nice one , mondial
NEG axegrinder , you seem to be trying to make a point here somewhere but i fail to see what it is . i think it should be clear that we were discussing europe and the left , not australia and the right , or wherever . i 'm assuming that because you ca n't seem to get the point , or understand what 's in front of you , that you could only be a eurolefty . am i right ?
NEG `` hitler , by the way , did this same thing in his time . because of `` terrorists '' he needed some new special powers '' . so you feel that the united states is on the road to a dictatorship and national socialism , do you gagarin ? i do n't see those fears being expressed in the us at all , apart from those with easily excited imaginations . what do you think should happen to potential terrorists ? and what makes you believe there is no definition for terrorism ?
NEU `` conny and some others on this board are anti-religious absolutists . '' well , i am a scientist and i am trained to listen to arguments which are backed up by evidence . there is none for id . just faith . well , that belongs into religious education . everything we know argues for evolution , and what we do n't know we will soon find out . and no , you do n't have the right to impose igorance on your child . you can send your child to schools that offer religous education , but you should not have a say what is being taught in science classes .
NEU you did n't answer my question you side stepped it . what would france do ? i can not immagine it would sit back and say ok we will wait for more bombs and more of our troops captured on our lands . if we could not or did not deal with the bnp then france would act .
NEG actually , it 's rather alarming that people actually believe this sort of guff .
NEG oh you are a swinger both ways . first its `` jews have no rights to be in israel '' - now its `` jews need to be in israel to fulfill the messiah prophecy -LRB- that muslims do n't accept '' talk about being desperate for a cause .
POS jerusalem belongs to the jewish people . it 's the center of our universe . but nobody says that jerusalem has no place for anyone else .
NEG '' '' the point is that it was n't just jewish immigration that occured but massive arab immigration aswell '' '' and where exactly did i deny the fact that there was arab immigration ? i know there was both arab and jewish immigration , but the jewish immigration far outnumbered the number of arabs who were coming into the region , because unlike the jews there was a good number of arab 's who fled the region as well . '' '' this myth about ` palestinians ' having lived in the land for 1000s of years is simply that , a myth '' '' obviously you 're completely ignoring everything i have said thus far . the point here is there have always been muslim 's in that region for the past 1000 years that have outnumbered the jews . therefore , the current palestinian 's have had far more ancestors living over the past millenia then the number of israeli ancestors , since most of them are all immigrants and therefore have no traceable family history in the region before the 20th century . '' '' is there a library near you ? go and read ` from time immemorial ' by joan peters '' '' lol , this alone explains why you have such a one sided and narrow minded view on this . the fact that you rely on a book which is engineered towards promoting a tired old excuse which has been debated to death does you no favours whatsoever .
NEU this site should fill you in ironnaz . <ahref="">
POS `` there is little room for `` becoming '' homosexual after birth . people are indeed born that way , but it is not known what the reason is why they are what they are . ok ? '' hi conny , zabak , others lets not pretend that rahman 's paper settles the issue . i think the current understanding is that sexual orientation does not fall neatly into discrete categories , but rather places a person on a continuum ranging from enitrely attracted to the same sex or entirely attracted to the opposite sex . whatever genetic influence there is on sexual orientation then , it is not ` either or ' . beyond that cultural factors do seem to push peoples orientation this way or that . its worth noting that absolute sexual categories did not/do not exist in some cultures . -LRB- ancient greece -RRB- it is a little smililar to whether people are left/right handed oddly enough . it is estimated that hereditary factors account for just 32 percent of variability in handedness , but that doesnt account for 90 % of people being right handed . a cultural bias towards right handedness accounts for that more effectively . people can and do change their sexual orientation in the course of their lives . ` gay ' people go ` straight ' , ` straight ' people go ` gay ' . the importance of cultural factors in determining sexual orientation should be acknowleged . self actualisation is an important factor in personal happiness -LRB- and therefore , social cohesion -RRB- . people must not be brought up to think that they are -LRB- or must be -RRB- exactly one way or another . here is a decent paper on it : <ahref=""> cat.inist.fr / ? amodel ... </a> note that my concern is that people should be able to freely discover their position on a continuum rather than to `` cure '' a natural/social orientation . the field of study is frought with political issues obviously , that should not clould investigation . as scientists we want to just know what is going on , not determine what should go on .
POS a 6.3 magnitude earthquake hit sumatra , killing at least 70 people . no risk of a tsunami since the epic center was on land rather than beneath the ocean . living in an earthquake-prone area , i can sympathize with those who experienced the quake . my thoughts are with the families of the victims killed in the quake .
NEU if the iraqis vote no on the constitution which is a distinct possibility according to latest estimates that will delay things in iraq for at least a year . that was n't part of the plan for sure .
NEU the hammers are doing nicely - teddy 's a legend - you need to put toilets in the tube though - i 'm always desperate by the time i get out east .
NEG if in fact there was no snow storm today , no closure of the schools . then , according to the time stamp , ebt started this thread and contributed to it , during school hours . thus , he either used his break times to post , or used the ppa -LRB- planning , preperation and assesement -RRB- time alloted to him by the school administators to prepare lessons and assess the needs of his students , to make these message board postings . ebt has said in the past that he uses his ppa time to make postings on these boards . personally , if i were a teacher , i would use my ppa time to actually plan and prepare my lessons and to assess the progress of my students . not post on message boards . but that is just me . either way , it does not affect my children . but i leave it to the fine people of the uk to decide if they think that ebts message board postings are the best use of a teachers time during school hours .
NEG next posting would be the universe just happened from nuttin . i was only kidding , dubya .
NEU what had iraq to do with 9/11 ?
NEG watchout for those angry swimming polar bears .
NEG `` in the name of allah , the merciful , the compassionate . to whom it may concern : i am writing this letter to inform you of my reasons for premeditating and attempting to murder citizens and residents of the united states of america on friday , march 3 , 2006 in the city of chapel hill , north carolina by running them over with my automobile and stabbing them with a knife if the opportunities are presented to me by allah . '' before he drove a rented suv onto the campus of the university of north carolina and tried to run down and kill as many people as he could on march 3 , mohammed reza taheri-azar left a letter of explanation in his apartment <ahref="">
NEG schools , cars , busses , churches , stores and many other buildings . they have also been responsible for civilian deaths with their use of inceindary devices and violence they are ruining life for ordinary people and they are trying to tear apart the french nation . these riots are going on all around the country , there have been some riots in belgiium , germany and in denmark . . first step to a european caliphite
NEG it seems to me the world is doing exactly the opposite of moving away form the dark ages . we are in the middle of a religious war right mow .
POS have a good christmas , yourself yossarian .
NEG thanks for the info , dagnarius . i admit i do n't have full chapter and verse on north korea 's military strength . how does north korea earn its keep ? i know the general population is saved from starvation only through foreign aid . also that all the resources they have goes into the military . could n't the country be blockaded ?
NEU so you are happy to be offensive ?
POS personally , or are you really refering to their nations ? i 'm talking about personal peace - peace of mind , or whatever you want to call it . <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> o ye of no knowledge . <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> anyway . this is a day of celebration ; christ is risen , and we have conquered death . peace comes to those who know the lord .
NEG maybe this will help explain why americans are being so ` unfair ' to him : `` moussaoui also testified he would continue to try to kill americans , even if locked up in a maximum-security prison . `` anytime , anywhere , '' he said . '' <ahref=""> do you need more ? there are hundreds of articles
NEU <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes"> fair enough . i concede it 's an assumption , but i defy you to assume otherwise . it stands to reason in two ways imo ; first - israel has shown itself happy enough to prevent it 's enemies from going nuclear with iraq , so what has kept it from doing the same to iran ? second , no one seems to know how close iran is to nuclear .
NEU i see that the bbc has compiled a list of who they feel are the `` ultimate icons '' of the last 40 years and asking the public to vote on their favorites from this list . <ahref=""> apparently the beeb feels that - lara croft - a fictional charecter from a video game is one of the `` people '' that most reflects the last 40 years of history ? i see the list includes david cassidy , donny osmond and morrisey . i guess one man 's `` icon '' that best represents the last 40 years is anothers bubble gume pop star .
POS yeeessssssss !!!!!
NEG < g-d chose certain people because of their blood not their religon ... its the duty of the chosen ones to keep their blood pure . hybrids can not acheive the status of chosen ones ... they are hybrids ... there is nothing racist about it ... its just a will of g-d ... some he makes chosen , others hybrids ... > how come you talk about `` the will of god -LRB- allah -RRB- '' but deny israel when it was given to the children of israel by allah in the koran ? one can only conclude you are n't a muslim because you defy allah 's will .
NEU for a cowardly five time draft dodger that 's pretty good shooting.you have to admire his bravery in this instance though , shooting all those vicious , bomb carrying ducks threatening the usa.what a guy , that 's what you call a patriot .
NEG `` why would anyone complain ? they only complain if they can somehow put the blame on israel . '' of course , that was my point . i was trying to be subtly sarcastic !
NEG witnesses say it was a suicide bomber - islamist fanatics love to blame the west so just give them what they love to feed on
NEG is it me , or is the title of this thread really distasteful ? they 're dead albert . perhaps at this point you could reign in your noxious bigotry ?
NEG again i am amazed at how words have been twisted . in israel arabs are around 20 % of the population . netanyahu himself suggested that if it rises above this there is a `` demographic threat '' <ahref=""> in the west bank it is overwhelmingly arab so on that notion it is hard to see the current system working if arabs are given full rights like israeli citizens are in israel in a future 1 israeli state incorporation the west bank and gaza . he has also playing down the 2 state solution so i 'm wondering what his plan would be to give arab future rights in the west bank under israeli control indeed if that what they intend and not keep up this apartheid system there .
NEG if americans will not speak out for those innocents who are massacred in colleges and malls on a regular basis in their won country - then it is the right of decent people around the world to criticise . > > > > by what criteria do you assert that americans do n't speak out for the victims of that shooting ? what an odd comment to make .
NEU scheherazade did you really mean to post a thread that shows israel in a good light ? < < < that is true.but i was expecting to see israel in a better position . i believe that the palestinian fatah should be number one in corruption . do you agree ?
NEG i know you are keen to deflect from the current issue and the post i have made . the truth ? i dont think you are able to recognise the truth . if you have a need to discuss darfur and the sudan , withref to the uk/usa involvement in that country , in creating a civil war -LRB- oil related -RRB- then feel free to start a new thread .
NEG meta etc so why did this incident create one of the biggest news stories this week and is the leading thread by number of posts ? was/is the ` symbolism ' so deep ? serious stuff apart the pub jokes are still coming re eg : ` does bush now have ` sole ' ? ` is the shoe on the other foot ' ` iraq/arabs world wide put the boot in ' ` dead duck bush ducks ' ` joke bush jokes over the size of shoe thrown - but what is the global symbolic size ' ok that 's trite stuff but the effects of bush 's war on iraq will continue long after he is gone and only time will tell whether is was worth bombing a country , killing so many innocent people and destroying a country 's infrastucture , to despose sh and rid his country of wmd 's and their threat to the usa . lest you forget . j
POS two intresting things have happened quitely in science of late . . first , sceintist have taken a seed , dated over 1000 years , and created a plant from its dna . . cool eh ? . . also , they have drained the blood from ` dogs ' , frozen them . . replaced that blood , and restarted them . . brought them back to life . .
NEG and i should trust them ? no one knows everything . ------------------------------------------------ i know everything ... but do i want to enlighten your mind ? nope ... i was not encourged to passively receive information and i dont like others to lazily accept information without any proof on the bases of false evidence ... otherwise i would be a westerner and believed in the stories told by your leaders , retold by your media and had actually believed that iraq had wmd or the stuff you are told everyday .
NEG that our perception is groomed by the media , wether we think it is or not . for me the mainstream media is guilty of many far reaching crimes . `` perception crimes '' , which in my book are no less important than war crimes themselves .
NEU what concessions were these ?
NEG i fervently hope that arnie does n't succeed . i see no reason why gays should not have the same rights as straight people . however , i do n't really think that muslims are in a position to lecture , wendymann . nor britons . the soon-to-be `` civil partnerships '' are not equal to the marriage that at least some us gays can enjoy .
NEU my mum had a book of reproductions of persian miniatures years ago and the paintings were gorgeous . but mohammed was always shown without a face . i think a couple of the pictures you 've linked to are the same , although not all . such a shame that the visual arts are so restricted in the islamic world . if you are n't into calligraphy or ceramics you 've pretty much had it .
NEG > > the un was weakened by the us undermining it and invading iraq whilst the un protested , hang on - we 're on top of this . like the traffic warden performing a citizen 's arrest on a drunk-driver in the middle of questioning by specialist traffic police . < < thats bull . the un was weak before , the un will continue to be weak , the un would still be weak if the us did n't undermine it . the us undermining it changed nothing with the un . the corruption and do nothing un caused its own demise . of course i 'm not surprised , a democratic institution membered by non-democratic states does n't make sense . > > any time the us elects to whole-heartedly support the un -LRB- instead of sending haters to sit on it 's assembly -RRB- , i am confident the un 's credence will be restored . < < translation , the us does the work again , the un continues to do nothing .
NEG do not call me a jihadist , just because my opinion differes from yours . the context is important because it brings a perspective to the reality and not some scaremongering by the knucklescrapers who believe all of the hype .
NEG anyone get the feeling that dez wants a ` fight ' ?
NEG i think as political statements they are as valid as the danish cartoons . if the danish cartoons are a matter of freespeech then so are these . there is of course an important point to be made , that is the holocaust should be open to debate , it should be open to scrutiny since truth and an accurate account can be more valuable than an account that is denied access and may lead to prison . if the koran should be open to critical analysis as most zionists insist , then why not the holocaust ?
POS nothing happened to it except that the lebanese have decided not to exercise that right . this is , as i said before , because they would happily see the end of hezbollah and can then hopefully rekindle the fire of economic growth and success and business acumen taht is inherrent in the character of every lebanese person i have ever met .
NEG `` each groups has its fanatics , do n't tar all muslims with the same brush ! '' i do n't tar all moslems with the same brush . what moslems are failing to understand though , is that what is haram for them , does not extend to non-believers . non of us are obliged to follow each others religion -LRB- not in the uk anyway -RRB- , but we are all bound by the law . i 'm not obliged to follow the rule of not making images of the phrophet , any more than i am the rule of going to confession , or not answering the phone on a saturday . you just tarred all muslims with the same brush by not using the words `` some '' muslims . and you did n't answer the question about the football match !!! perhaps you would like retry ??
NEG i give up . they say you cant make sense out of nonsense . you prove that .
POS red ` lily-white ' italians trashed ghana and france .
NEG message 221 re-written i think you just make it up as you go along . any economic system gives rise to a state that will uphold its interests . are you saying that the us armed forces are not defending us capitalist interests ? of course i disagree . this is a nazi trying to recruit people . today , the nazis will tailor language to gain populist support . it 's no use just giving a quote without allowing for context . by the way hitler was vehemently anti-marxist by 1921 and his activity reflected that undeniably .
NEG i think you 're being hypocritical , john . you attempt to dismiss any and all disagreement with your representation by pre-empting a few potential counterpoints and denoting them `` go -LSB- ing -RSB- round in escalating circles '' , thereby showing no willingness whatsoever to hear differing viewpoints as you prematurely belittle them with your `` again if you wish '' . but that 's precisely what you 're doing ... going round in circles ! or at least that 's how it appears to me in the absense of any apparent desire to go anywhere else ... israel have said that they were within their rights under the ceasefire to engage in this action -LRB- and , according to the first link -LSB- iht -RSB- that comes up from your google link , made this clear before the action -RRB- : okay , this is something you think was a mistake and perhaps you and certainly others might disagree and believe it 's more than just a bad pr decision but an actual violation ... but the main point you 're missing is that the ceasefire violation by hezbollah that israel is claiming it was responding to has not been used by israel as an excuse to abandon the ceasefire further than this action -LRB- or , presumably and reportedly , any others like it -RRB- , from your beeb link : ~ ~ `` israel ... insisted the truce held . '' ~ ~ so where are you going ? let 's even say we agree that it was a pr mistake ... what happens next ? is it an excuse for hezbollah to announce a complete disconnection from the ceasefire ? is it an excuse for the lebanese government to renege ? surely that gets it all back to where you suggest you do n't want it -- going round in circles -- right ? or is there something you have n't yet offered that would explain this apparent contradiction ? the bbc article you link to inadvertently touches on this further in parallel to this point and i think it 's key to the conflict and , unfortunately , in much of the discussion going on it 's being avoided : ~ ~ `` the bbc 's nick childs in beirut correspondent says the un 's main concern is that the incident both highlights the urgent need for un reinforcements and will put off potential troop contributors , because it projects an image of insecurity . '' ~ ~ an `` image of insecurity '' ? it did n't have that before ? so `` the un 's main concern '' is that any troops it might send will be aware of what 's going on ? is that a sneaked snippet of the planned ` rules of engagement ' ... know as little as possible about the conflict and make sure any and all troops are given a false sense of security just to ensure that they will , once again , be nothing more than sitting ducks in the line of fire ? and these parallels emanate from the same underlying point illustrated above and again as we see from the lebanese defense minister -LRB- also from the beeb article -RRB- : ~ ~ `` he said any rocket fired from lebanese territory would be considered collaboration with israel to provide a pretext for it to strike . ... ... -LSB- he -RSB- said that if the un failed to give `` clear answers '' in response to the raid he `` might be forced to ask the cabinet early next week to halt the army deployment in the south '' . '' ~ ~ so there we are : that 's the only result i can see of a discussion criticizing israel for this ` pr disaster ' ... excuse for hezbollah , excuse for siniora and excuse for the un . of course it warrants addressing but it 's your purpose that will define how it 's addressed and your address which will expose your purpose and , at the moment , it appears to be a desire to go round in circles and add your weight to the ` pr disaster ' .
NEG <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> forgot to add the jewish evil laugh ... mwaaaaaaaahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaa
NEG eh ? that 's lie . typical of the right wing . lie . i never , ever , said that - produce the posting ! or apologise . this case can not be decontextualised from the institutional implementaion of the death penalty .
NEG mrjingles - right you are / / not everyone who attacks israel is anti-semitic . a good number are simply ignorant / / ... yes , like those poor arabs who have received the wrong kind of education ... all upside down inside out , as for instance the ` land of israel ' is on islamic soil ... . ! the imams , mullahs , teachers are the ones to blame ... not the poor innocent arab children who under their guidance finally resort to suicide ... . !
NEU what myths did they debunked ? is that true seven out of ten people are happier with snow cones . i bet none of them were studying enviromental science .
NEG but probably more corruption than in china .
NEU `` got any photos to confirm that `` apparent '' statement ? '' you can see the settlement on google earth . now if that is the actual reason for the different color roofs , i do n't know .
NEG / / a very valid comment on a thread opened by one of our resident pro-israel spinmeisters / / it kind of reminds me of the type of football fan who never seems to see players on his team foul or cheat but never fails to spot an opposition player doing the same thing . this could be easily resolved if the pro-israeli and pro-palestinian posters agreed to keep their own pet trolls under control , but of course this wo n't ever happen , party line and all that .
NEU we know how it works , speed . and why .
NEG < < but the situation is quite different here . > > that 's not my experience , nor the experience of my friends who live in the us . stop pretending that north america is some sort of utopia where all `` people '' are decent , well educated , kindly sorts . its a crass and childish deceit . < < only its process and administration . > > more sophistry . the process/administration is inextricably tied to the penalty . the penalty is imposed on the basis of an administrative -LRB- albeit judicial -RRB- basis . there is no such thing as absolute truth before the law , granht , only what you can prove . and sometimes that leads to a miscarriage of justice . if you ca n't guarantee the protection of the innocent man , then the penalty is unconscionable . < < because some are just to happy in prison , > > lol . well , that 's an issue of `` process and administration '' is n't it grant ? < < all punishment is a deterrent > > but there are deterrents that seem to have equal effect but do n't indulge barabism . < < person responsible will not murder again . > > so again , put them away for life . that protects the public . < < what 's hypocritical about that ? > > what 's hypocritical in a `` chrsitian '' nation maintaining a death penalty ? i presume you understand the basic tenets of the religion , grant ? pax
NEG the war crimes are the easy part - the civilians who died directly due to the iraq war . the afghan war cant be included because it was an international effort . who ? that would require an analysis of who exactly made the decision and the overall chain of command . but if you want me to blurt out the standard bush/cheney answer - well ... sorry to disappoint .
NEG why only ` australian beef ' that is being so criticised ... ? what about the ` arab/muslim beef ' that we see on their belly dancers ... ?
NEG the majority of palestinians support terrorism so are equally guilty . this barrier is a responce to the barbaric society that the palestinians have created .
NEG might mrs pipe be zebrasviewpoint and junior pipe be ebt along with their cousin , mr wragg ? surely such a dysfunctional and dim family would go a long way in explaining the deluge of posts with one agenda we 're seeing on these boards .
NEU i used the source as you did not believe that britain shot down egyptian planes . i never attacked my source , i attacked yours .
NEG it is down to the fact that having them and not using them is a point of view some countries leaders may find hard to do . in fact i think that you will find that most nukes were developed not as an attack weapon , but more as a deterent . after the world saw the effects of ww2 bombs in japan , people realised how evastating the effects then and now can be . listening to this leader of iran , who talks about wiping isreal off the mapp of the m/e . or his speeches that make out he is the communing with his god and feels he is a vessel when speaking to his people .
NEG and apparently they like living in israel -LRB- since they have done for 30 years -RRB- <ahref=""> -LRB- we should n't be denied the opportunity to debate this because the original post was removed for cut & paste -RRB- . and amazing thing is this : - so , members of haniyeh 's family have been serving in the idf and defending their fellow israeli citizens from hamas . someone please explain `` racist apartheid israel '' in the context of muslim arab 's , related to palestinians are also israeli citizens . kinda makes that statementr hilarious !
NEU and christian world .
NEG i might nip down the east lancs for a wander . i hope they are n't turning l'pool into another identikit city , where pension funds buy up land and build monotonous structures . i quite liked the old tatty l'pool . post industrial manchester is on the cusp of being characterful to looking like anywhere else .
NEG gizelle , muslims aren  t anti-semitic , as they are 50 % semitic due to abraham and hagar . but we muslims are against the zionists who are occupying the palestinian w.bank and e.jerusalem . the moon is ours . we permit you to visit it and even live on it as good half brothers !
NEG well , we shall soon see , because the end of the second quarter is fast approaching , and how , may i ask , do you think the uk is going to continue financing its horrendous deficits on current account ? by printing money ? by hoping and praying ? or more likely , by hiking interest rates to attract further short-term foreign capital , at the expense yet again of what 's left of domestic industry ... ???
NEU <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> was it my post ?
NEG the difference between the turkish situation and the nazi holocaust is that the ideology and administration in germany was removed by ww2 and prosecuted providing eventually for a measure of closure for germany and a separation of the modern federal republic from that era . however in turkey , the young turk revolution was central to the nationalist rather than religious nature of the armenian genocide and even after the governments takeover by ataturk massacres continued . the genocide is intertwined with the birth of the modern turkish state and not something that can be `` blamed '' on the old ottoman authorities . therefore recognition of the genocide imperils modern turkey in a way which neither germany or even japan have had to deal with . add to this the treatment of the kurds by the turkish goverment all makes this a modern issue and not a historical one .
NEU apparently so reluctant to share background information ? i do n't divide this board 's members into ` anti jews , anti muslims , anti us or anti europeans . i do divide it into sincere posters and wum 's but beyond that i tend to divide it into those with and without a sense of humour and , for the purpose of this post , into those who i ` know ' and do n't know . i find that background information , particularly the sharing of it , makes posters more ` real ' and i tend to debate with these ` real ' board members much as i would with colleagues over dinner or down the pub -- whether we agree or strongly disagree is irrelevant . do you have similar perspectives or do you think that what posters say and how they say it is more important than ` who or what they are ' ? j ps i appreciate this is hardly ` world news ' , except to say i also believe that discussions between world leaders are also influenced by ` personal chemistry ' intangibles as much as by the various other key factors .
NEG a few years ago , april 2003 a month after bagdad was invaded , i told people at different news forum of this weird habit of americans stripping down the iraqi civilians and making them do things which you all saw when year later the scandal of abu gharib was made people , noone believed me . that was the day i decided some people do not deserved to be told the truth . so threive in the lies of tony and goerge .
NEG hi darthvedder , ever heard of a little thing known as ` operation sealion ' this was the invasion plan for britain `` russians also had no interest in westward expansion . '' and you know stalin better than anyone i presume
NEG african muslims found with palestinian supporting articles/documents and with ` islamist material ' . living in paris . alleged to have carried-out the anti-semitic crime . something fits a pattern here .
NEU dont be silly . an isolated america is the last thing you need after the next major earthquake or tsunami . those aircraft carriers full of doctors and relief supplies dont just pop out of thin air you know .
POS and as we know , everyone in iraq is a civillian !
POS if they win the world cup at the weekend they 'll be pretty happy.it 's always something to celebrate when you overthrow the nobs .
NEG dag the arab plan is no good for israel it leave no room for negotiation like i said its a package deal . . no room for israel to negotiate on the borders of a future palestians state , keeping jerusalem whole isnt an option , keeping any settlements isnt an option , keeping all or even part of the golan isnt an option and there must be a palestian right of return . israel must negotiate with the palestians using the roadmap that means concesions from both sides not just israel and with syria that can be decided through future talks based again on negotiation not simply handing over 100 % of the golan like the arab plan would have israel do .
NEG `` when someone still has a $ 500,000 mortgage on a now $ 250,000 house many will just walk away , just as what happened in the uk in the eighties . they no longer have debtor 's prisons and the lenders must suffer the loss . '' if as you say that is the case in america and/or canada it is not so simple in england . if a property does n't realise the sum secured against it then the borrower is still liable to pay the difference and the absence of debtor 's prisons does not negate that nor is it any guarantee that those who do n't fulfill their obligations wo n't see the inside of a prison . current leniency toward personal bankruptcy may see some changes but that was not the case in the eighties and to my knowledge it was a busy time for bailiffs in many areas . `` there is a correction going on in the housing market and it will be international . it began over a year ago and people should have been paying attention . '' again , i ca n't speak for the us or canada but such a correction has been widely predicted here for a few years and whilst it may be international it is also likely to be regional in effect . `` but if you are happy in your home and do n't have a large mortgage , or are n't holding one , then it really wo n't matter . '' there 's nothing in current predictions that are any concern to me .
NEU excellent point . it isnt charity if you make a song and dance about it . its self promotion and egotism .
NEG neil lennon might find himself reduced to being one of his little helpers .
NEG they gave up their symbol . now they run around with balls on their head .
NEG so does this toilet cost $ 1 and is not built to last that is what made in china means isnt it . . cheap but bad quality just hope it doesnt break down just after somebody has used it so better to be safe than sorry and use an american $ 1 million toilet that was built to last if though china does start getting involved in space in a big way then for the americans it can go 2 ways . 1 -RRB- it will lead to greater cooperation and possibly lead to better relations with the china . 2 -RRB- it will mean the us is going to start doing things for political reasons but which have very little scientific value ... the appolo program was simply about beating the russians to the moon all they did was plant flags , play golf and do a little off road driving and the only 1 scienitst was ever sent who understood geology and other such things and he was on the very last of the appolo missions . what we do not want is america carrying out pointless programs just so they can say look we were the first ones to do it if somethihng is going to be done at all it must be for a very good reason and have scientific value .
NEG says who ? he was an illegitimate because that child mother mary -LRB- jew -RRB- had an affair and then claimed she had it off with an angel . if your missus came up with an excuse like that , would you believe her ?
NEG `` it is a regular tactic of yours to turn an expression of opinion into a question that gives a completely different version of that expression '' . that 's because i believe these statements are not thought through and contains fuzzy logic . you seldom are able to respond to these questions but instead complain that they are asked . on the other hand you offer statements i never made and pigeonhole me in positions that are n't mine . while you may believe this to be honest , i do n't . i 'll withdraw the remark with the understanding that you 'll quote me directly in the future rather than trying to make a counterargument against me from memory .
NEG oh yes , the plaintive cry of the desperate european , `` it 's all america 's fault '' . and as you sink deeper into your morass of wide unemployment , corruption trials , rioting muslims , further riots of hopelessly unrealistic students , and rapidly decreasing influence in the world , i 'm sure you 'll find a way to blame all of this on america too . bon chance !
NEG problem is , especially with china , is there is n't anyway to prvent it , if they do n't want to stop . kick them out of the wto ? wo n't do a thing . no one is going to prohibit trade with them , because unfortunately we need them just as much as they are hurting some of our industries with that practice .
NEG that was 39 years ago . do you have any examples of protest/criticism of the goverment being `` ruthlessly crushed '' that are a little more current ?
NEG the acts of hizbollah out of lebanon , are a direct provocation on israel , a declaration of war . israel 's reactions are heavy handed , short-sighted and unbalanced . it had a clear right to react , but its chosen manner is brutish and reckless . israel is one of the nations that exceeds in digging its own hole . these are the facts .
NEU when will the palestinians be ready to be trusted with running themselves ? ------------------------------------------------ when they will be given total freedom , all at once ... not in installments . . not like the dysfunctional parents of a 16 yr ofd who dont give him the keys to the house and lock the door at 9 pm when all his friends are still out , just because he has `` shown `` no reponsiblity because he comes back to his house through the window . give him the keys and then question his responsiblity ...
NEG to aiejrlsk - from you ... ` israel 's medievil barbarism towards palestinians ' ... ! just who are the medievil groups here who resort to primitive and barbaric methods to kill israelis but those ` palestinian sucide-bombers ' and those little children who become ` human bombs ' just to murder jews who they believe took their land and houses ... israel is today one of the most progressive and modern little states you could find and it is punishment for the arabs - who call themselves ` palestinians ' ... ! that they can not keep up with the development and advance in science , technology and medicine which israel prides itself on achieving .
NEU in what way was i agreeing ? i said that not all zionists are israelis . you made a leap of faith there . <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> hi dez . i dont understand your post . please clarify . <blockquote> <divclass="extraquotes2"> calling it a zionist conspiracy does n't neccessarily mean israel . not all zionists are israeli
NEG they were posturing idiots in a war zone , to a great extent the authors of their own misfortune .
NEG `` btw , terrorists do not get civil rights '' what about innocent people being kept in inhuman conditions for years ? the us are responsible for this , yet still claim to be ` spreading freedom ' .
NEG it is - but i have seen it used on this board many times by islamists when some of our black participants dont agree with them . its appalling . if you dont support terrorism , or -LRB- majoritively -RRB- dare to critique islam , then you are an uncle tom - same goes for the use of ` zionist ' for anyone else . i think that must be a common theme running through some of these mosques .
NEG does n't executed mean put to death ?
NEG wendymann : `` go to project for new american century and all will be revealed '' what some americans planned to extend their empire , though laughable , are not what i 'm after . i just want to know what goes on in the head in of someone that feels obliged to go out and kill innocent civilians . this was well planned so certainly they think it will further their objectives - how ?
NEG insightful one , you are simply being dishonest . they were told that they were to be executed immediately and blind folded and made to stand against a wall in front of firing squad and terrorised in other ways . that is what we are told by the sailors and why do you disbelieve them ? this is not the uk government talking but private individuals . i note you seem to have only a tenuous grasp on truth but perhaps others including these citizens have slightly higher standards than you
NEU windy and mcguiness do that too , its nothibg new .
NEG hi colonelartist , colonelartist quote : `` trust me i knew my neighbors well , and they knew me well , but invasion makes people change for the worst ... if allowed to invade i can simply destroy both your or your neighbors work place , and homes ... '' colonelartist quote : `` it just takes three days to lay the foundations of anarchy ... . if you have n't learnt from the first three days after invasion of iraq , then you have n't learnt anything ... '' instead of talking about theoretical situations such as the usa being occupied in the 21st century why not talk about real life examples ? what we have learned in dozens and dozens of invasions and occupations the normal thing is to resist the invaders rather than spend the time killing your neighbors and ordinary civilians blowing up other ordinary civilians is not normal behavior . for example many countries in asia were occupied by the japanese imperial army from china to korea to the philippines to thailand etc and the civilians under occupation never started blowing each other up in markets or temples etc. when the us army occupied japan and other asian countries the japanese & other civilians never started to kill each other . nazi germany occupied most of europe and the europeans never started to kill each other . then the russians occupied eastern europe and the allies western europe after the war and the civilians did n't start to kill each other after three days , three years etc. india was occupied by the british for years and years and the indians did n't suddenly turn on their neighbors and start killing them . bulgaria , romania , greece , macedonia etc were occupied by the ottomans and the civilians did n't turn on each other . the muslims occupied spain for seven centuries and the spanish did n't start killing each other after a 3 days or 3 weeks or 3 months or 3 years etc. tibet has been occulted by the chinese since the 1950s and the tibetan civilians did n't start to kill each other . however today we have attack after attack from ordinary muslims on other ordinary muslims in the market , schools , hospitals , and mosques day after day in iraq so explain how this muslim on muslim violence is a western conspiracy ? so tell us all colonelartist just how this american/jewish conspiracy works that forces or tricks the good muslims of iraq into killing each other ? just give up the background outline on how this conspiracy works . so far you have just told us there is a western conspiracy that is causing this so no outline to us so we can see what you are referring to . by the way i would appreciate an answer from anyone what is this western conspiracy fro dag_petersen who refers to it all the time , or do n't trust anyone etc. anyone who can explain this american/jew/west conspiracy please step forward and do so because i am really curious to hear it outlined . warmest regards , smoker
NEG the iraqi people voted for democracy . the coalition want to help them get democracy . the islamic lunatics will do everything they can to stop the west succeeding because it will show up iran -LRB- and al queda and all the criminals in the middle east -RRB- and what they really stand for : anarchists .
NEG some clapped out conspiracy site quoting a mish mash of sources does not provide any evidence of anything . and as for your own remarks . . `` some jews do not allow any other view than that very carefully manicured myth '' just how are people ` not allowing any other views ' historical research is available to all and historical resarch proves millions died . and not just jews , there is no myth there . you are a good example of how hatred and bigotry lead to blindness .
NEG this is to up the pressure on iran they have it coming
NEG we are n't going to agree helen . the anti-semitism in that case is incidental , finegold 's offence in kl 's eyes -LRB- and mine too -RRB- is his choice of employer . and the fuss made over any anti-semitism is politically inspired . just as the `` anti-semitism '' detected when pro-israelis start losing an argument is politically inspired . when anti-semitism is used by a bit of low life like finegold to gain the moral high ground the i refuse to accept it is a valid charge .
NEG no , just observant people . just as you are giving your observation . and zi would never confuse you with a policeman/woman in a million years .
NEU interesting . are you compelled to respond to threads on this messageboard , handy ? i fear i waste a lot of time here but i do n't think one thread is more the cause than another .
NEG `` simcha3 why does everybody say that israel is obligated to return to the pre 1967 lines when resolution 242 says israel should return territories not all territory and this was inentilaly worded this way because the un never expected israel to return to the pre war borders and also the conditions for israel returning anything is in return for peace and the arabs recognising israel . '' its a pity that you are so desperate to justify the annexing of the occupied lands . it has to do with wider international law , i suggest that you look at 242 in context with those obligations . if we are to so reliant on intent , then the intent was of course for israel and palestine to occupy the same amount of land . so why does israel not feel obligated to meet this requirement . in fact why does israel deny a whole people the right to self determination and statehood . it doesnt make sense for a people that regularly defines itself as being victims .
POS hi stuart , as a refinement to your proposal , would it be acceptable for : -LRB- a -RRB- me to ask one or two of ruth 's questions , and ; -LRB- b -RRB- ruth to take up your answer/s ? alternatively -LSB- variation on sub-clause -LRB- b -RRB- -RSB- for me to take up your answer/s having consulted with ruth beforehand ? let 's really get to the bottom of this one ! yours , gavin
NEG unfortunately eyes wide open is actually eyes firmly shut ! if i do n't `` know '' that russia has carried out these extra judicial killings , it 's because no independent human rights organisation or journalist is allowed anywhere near the crime scenes !! and the killing you speak of in iraq is perpetrated by the terrorists . you know ; the terrorists that blow up innocent civilians with car bombs every other day ! i note that you are very fussy with evidence in this case , but so-far unproven allegations against the cia are taken as fact when it suits your argument . so far the allegations of torture against the cia are pure conjecture . rules of engagement you describe are correct - however how does one determine that a terrorist -LRB- who is fanatical and may well have no regard for their own life , let alone an american soldier 's -RRB- is no longer a threat ? welcome to the cold , harsh reality of urban warfare . if any american soldier has taken it upon themselves to deliberately kill or harm innocent civilians , then those soldiers in question should be brought to justice , and no doubt will be if any solid evidence is available .
NEG have not the greeks a poor record on how they treat their mentally handicapped etc ?
NEG mr silver - princess diana was killed in a car accident - she would be alive today is she was wearing a seat belt . there is so much evidence that hitler killed himself in his bunker that i am amazed you even raise the question . arafat was sick , ill and died - simple as that and oswald killed kennedy . some might take all the conspiracy theories seriously until you finally realise how people can turn a straight forward thing like two planes flying into a building and turn it on its head into the most unbelievable bizarre theories imaginable . if they can do that with the wtc attacks then we should not be suprised that the kennedy assasination attracts such comment .
POS `` got any quotes available for this claim , rjsc rjsc , '' yup `` it 's as though we 're living in a parallel universe . '' '' . . this war on terror '' oh good grief , do people still use that outdated phrase ? did it ever mean anything ? i know gwb and fox like to shout it like it means something but then they are harldy known for their command of the english language . i wonder if i can help simplify the position . i am against terrorism . i am for liberty , freedom , democracy and the rule of law . is that clear enough ?
NEG / / ok let me rephrase it.in britain arabs and muslims are generally accepted as friends.if they are routinely spoken of as enemies in america then the americans doing this are being racist . / / `` a novel idea . '' not to use in the uk , but then we 're not in a state of permanent paranoia like americans seem to be .
NEG but ` bliar ' rhymes with ` liar ' , more apropriate i 'm sure you agree .
NEG `` you really think that arabs were stupid enough to encourage hitler to kill jews in europe '' some arabs ... abolutely . to deny is just plain stupid .
NEG . . `` i saw what our artillery rounds did to people . i saw whole iraqi towns engulfed in flames . there were iraqi people dead by the roadside , and i could n't tell if they were men or women '' . a growing number of american servicemen are now speaking out about the brutality and futility of george w cretins lousy and unneccessary invasion of iraq , and mothers of the dead troops are demanding that cheney and bush are brought to account for the lies and the deaths of their children
NEU no . ` murder ' is a legal term referring to one type of ` unlawful killing ' . killing animals for meat is perfectly legal , therefore it is not murder .
NEG <blockquoteclass="quotefirst"> <blockquote> <blockquote> i 'm not a catholic , i 'm a lutheran ; but there is no idol worship in the catholic church , because idol worship is against god 's will . <divclass="extraquotes"> i have gone to catholic schools . i know all about christinaity and bowing in front of cross . we call it idol worship .
NEG good point . but i 'll add that together with internal terror , they also live in fear of external terror from israel .
NEG why is his perception of britain any more warped than the perception of the us that he is challenging in his original post ? or indeed , than the perceptions that are on this board every day ?
NEU > albert - as i 've told you before , the first korean war was a response to north korean , and then later chinese aggression , against south korea , by a united nations force . not just the us acting unilaterally . < why not let the north koreans and their chinese ally take the whole of korea in 1953 , after all they are all koreans , and it would have saved millions of lives , and today they would either be rapidly building themselves up after the collapse of communism like eastern europe , or more likely since soviet communism has never got anything to do with it , they would like china have adapted capitalist measures in recognition of this system un-rivalled properties for development of nations and satisfying of their peoples , while rsataining -LRB- for some more years -RRB- a formal communist leadership .
NEG it certainly seems to have been a strategic mistake going for the big one , but who could have forecast the current price of oil ?
NEG britain is the `` little satan '' apparently . incidentally - where does wales feature in the list of satanic creatures ?
POS hi speed ! sorry for not coming back to your comments earlier , my day got busy ... `` i have mixed feelings about it vina . '' yes . so do i , which is why i posted the question . there are so many possibilities and different scenarios , that i think we can only point at the most general and usual cases . so i think that that is why the harrison ford case is not applicable to most people . certainly this is millionaire celebrity and given his financial status , as you said , he will not be confronted with the typical cases of not being able to pay babysitting for the not so pleasant tasks j , more time available for parenting , etc. '' perhaps in some ways even a better parent as they would have years more wisdom and life experience to pass along , be more mature themselves than say a very young parent might be . '' yes that may be a positive thing , but also the bigger the generational gap the most difficult it may be to understand each other . '' so , i think that a given persons financial stability , emmotional readiness , maturity level and frame of time to actually spend with the child - particularly during the early developemental years , plays more of a significant role in what sort of parent they will make than does their age . '' lets face it , its just like that harry chapin song `` cats in the cradle '' '' i love that song ... . `` by the time most kids are in their late teens and beyond , they dont spend all that much time with their parents anyway. : '' true . this is however more than not the rule of life , but by the time children pass the teenage stage , get into adulthood and most of all , as they become parents themselves , then they will start `` respecting '' their parents again and begin to understand in retrospect why their parents acted the way they did ... so parents now become the best friends , allies and advisers . this is the part that i see as downside when having children late in life ... now in the case of this woman in the article , she had twins . speed , i can tell you how i was super-handful with one ! so even as a young person , i was exhausted all the time ! and the second baby came less than 2 years after -LRB- i know the same was for you -RRB- ... so how this woman , who naturally wont have all the energy of a person in her 20s or 30s , will be able to cope with newborn twins !!!? or she may turn out to do better than all of us !
POS i do n't believe you smicha , the uk government would never deal with bad people ; we are all about freedom , democracy , peace and love .
NEU in jewish eyes and in some european countries it is a crime to deny the holocaust ? why should that be . . if we believe in freespeech ? we either believe in it wholesale or we dont , we cant protect some and not others surely ?
NEG i saw that interview . you mean the same general who took every opportunity to distance himself from any blame . the same general who described the wmd 's as big yellow drums with the skulls and bones sign on it . the same general who is currently working with the americans . the same general who has no proof of this . heck , even the host said he has a hard time believing him . hillarious show by the way .
NEG i did n't say there would n't be blood ... if they want it , they 'll get it . and nobody does war quite like the euros . i 'm just saying the ruskies are comming , and it 's all good for us .
NEG next time it will be napalm .
NEG oh look ... here 's something from that zionist machine al jazeera . could this be jordan refusing to tighten laws protecting women from honour killing ? <ahref=""> english.aljazeera.ne ... </a> surely this wo n't help get the message out to jordanian men ... oh no ... the day after surely not <ahref=""> english.aljazeera.ne ... </a> and what 's this ... could this be the uk locking a father away for life for enacting an honour killing ? <ahref=""> english.aljazeera.ne ... </a> do you see a reason to not accept a reasonable critique in this issue ? cause i bloody do n't , so stop acting like a woman supressor lest they cross their legs against you for life !! zero tollerance !!!
NEG the lebanon , there would be nothing standing , there would be hundreds of thousands dead . for those who are not hama deniers , the israelis are -LRB- comparatively by middle east standards -RRB- probably the most restrained force in the area . if lebanon was firing rockets at syria or egypt towns and cities would be levelled and to coin a well known phrase , be `` wiped off the map '' along with the populations , men , women and children .
NEG `` message posted by vindication009 im not sure why this is seen as newsworthy . especially in light of the fact there is nothing new in that bbc link . its the same ole , same ole . '' indeed . we get this every year . it 's like groundhog day .
NEG why are you using america as a excuse for what muslims are doing world wide , does it some how make it any better , , there doing it so we can is that it . .
NEG i doubt any amount of post war planning would have prevented the insurgency . its convenient to blame rumsfeld and although he made mistakes i would lay the blame on the sunnis and their al queda friends . i do n't really blame the brits for their failure as i suspect the odds are the us will fail as well . i do find it annoying that some are not willing to accept any blame not attributable to americans . as ripley said , `` lets withdraw and nuke-em from orbit '' .
NEU oh and that did n't get me pre modded . i was on pre mod before i took time to read it .
NEG thats right in no way does anyone have a problem with any of america or israels actions - its merely our deep rooted bigotry and hatred ffs !
NEU deja vu .
POS he has a beautiful family photo ! : -RRB-
NEG well , got to respect the guy for owning up to it . too bad he called it bad judgment . he had a chance to become a poor but prominent spokesman for decriminalizing pot . <br> <br> we ca n't afford the on drugs like we 're going . save prison for violent offenders , not pot smokers .
NEG watch out guys , japanese girls get pissed off and become extremely violent when getting ketchup on her clothes .
NEG fces
NEG while this does look good , i would n't write out waltz with bashir or fears of the dark just yet
NEG of course . because rendition and secret torture prisons are so american and such a change from bush . more ` change ' you wo n't believe !
NEG public figure = public domain . <br> <br> continue to do whatever the hell you want with his image . those ` er the breaks when you become a public figure .
NEG better than the ` let 's drive hummers and fuck up the world ' bandwagon .
NEG first , i do n't own an iphone , but ... <br> <br> i always download a cracked copy of any software i might use prior to buying it . too many times i 've found badly written programs that were bug ridden , failed to live up to their hype , or simply outright junk . when i do find an app i like , i pay for it - that way i can take up any problems with the developer , feel confident talking on a ng -LRB- yeah , i love the people who complain their software is n't working properly only to discover the crack has n't activated some part of it ! -RRB- <br> <br> so sure , try the cracked version - but if you like it , pay for it !
POS article author : lucy cockcroft . <br> <br> -LRB- stifled , juvenile laughter -RRB-
NEG leona helmsley went to jail for tax evasion . others get cabinet positions . hah !!
NEG it only stimulates the economy if you make tax cuts and increase spending at the same time , which is what you 're talking about . <br> <br> the only problem is that it stimulates the economy at the expense of the future . you ca n't cut taxes and increase spending indefinitely . despite what cheney claimed about increased gdp making up for the shortfall ... that 's a ponzi scheme and he 's a moron . <br>
POS heroes one was ok , absolutely ridiculous , but ok .
NEG the commercials were worse than the actual show .
NEG you lay , you pay .
NEG sixburgh !
NEG this is a sad , sad story . if we ever hope to have a futuristic society with flying cars and no war or sickness we have to make some very drastic changes , and ending this bullshit is one of them . not that we will any time soon ...
NEG whos kevin ... <br> - oh wait
NEG yeah ! down with big corporations . lets let more ma and pop businesses into the scene
NEG psst ... you 're trying too hard .
NEG hi mowe , <br> <br> i do have a few questions . i understand that in islam , you must believe in all that is taught by the prophet and can not disagree lest you are no longer a muslim . is that correct ? <br> <br> 1 - if so , how do you feel about the duty of the husband to discipline his wife via physical beatings ? <br> <br> 2 - how do you feel about the doctrine that explains it is ok for a man to have several wives and for the marriage of little girls of 9 and 10 years to middle aged men ? -LRB- a few weeks back a judge refused to annul a marriage in saudi arabia when the mother pleaded for her 10 year old girl who was married off to the fathers ' 47 year old friend as repayment for a debt -RRB- <br> <br> 3 - how do you feel about the fact that your testimony is worth half that of a man 's ? <br> <br> 4 - how do you feel about muhammad 's doctrine that allows for temporary marriages in order to allow his soldiers to have sex with women and then leave them with no rights after the temporary marriage is over -LRB- mind you this still goes on in certain muslim countries -RRB- . <br> <br> these are just a few examples of what i view as unreasonable demands of islam . <br> <br> i ca n't answer your question as to why people convert to islam - people convert to scientology as well even though so many consider it a dangerous cult . <br> <br> i have however heard too many stories of those who left islam , especially women and their stories of abuse and subjugation are horrific . <br> <br>
NEG considering the dhs has send undercover agents into the likes of code pink , this really does n't need to have a reasonable explanation . this is par for the course .
NEG that 's why he keeps rewarding them with super bowl wins .
NEG i have this feeling that i just saw a glimpse of the future right then .
NEG this story is n't about marijuana . even if its legalized swat teams will continue to execute no-knock warrants when going after cocaine , ecstasy , heroin , meth , pcp , etc. and continue to abuse their power and authority the way they did here . if that box had contained a kilo of cocaine and the owner of the house was n't the mayor of the town but just some random citizen unlucky enough to have their address picked by the drug dealers as a drop then you 'd probably never hear this story . the cops would just lie like they apparently did both in getting the warrant -LRB- it was n't a no-knock warrant -RRB- and trying to cover up after the fact -LRB- claiming the man opened the door then slammed it in the cops face , that the dogs were threatening the cops , etc -RRB- . <br> <br> legalizing marijuana wo n't stop this abuse by the police . it 'll just remove one of the many reasons they have to abuse their power .
NEG because they understood the basics of us politics : <br> - wave bible in front of crowd ! <br> - promise them tax cuts and more guns <br> - tell them that usa is 1 ! <br> <br> repeat and rinse until a seat in congress has been secured ! <br>
NEG so if you 're a government official , someone can use you , your face , and likeness for anything they want , without you having any kind of input whatsoever ?
NEG it 's a big deal in that most people assume that ` successful people ' do n't .
NEG the only time i use e-mail these days is at work ... and rarely will i curse there . generally , that 's not a good idea unless you 're really comfortable with who you 're e-mailing . <br> <br> now , as for in im or irc ... like a fuckin ' sailor .
NEG one more reason not to use comcast ?
NEG i just choose ` inaccurate ' when i bury it .
POS knowing how to bet/when to bet can make people think you have a good hand even if you do n't . so you do n't need a good hand to win a hand . <br> <br> sometimes even if you bet right you can still lose . similar to football or something wide reviever with more skill can generally escape the defense but will never catch 100 % of passes thrown to them .
NEG does the religious right have the right when the liberal left tries to pawn their ` evolution ' bullshit onto them to tell them that they are wrong , will not tolerate their bullshit and that they can fuck off ?
NEG do n't worry , the douchebag biden will tell it on oprah ...
NEG maybe they would have $ $ $ left if they did n't bribe the distribution companies to follow the blew-ray path .
NEG man , life is a bitch .
NEG more like m or m instead of &
NEG if your family was killed in a war would you then think that killing innocent civilians would be a good idea ? if you answer yes you have no moral compass
NEG digg needs to start banning for the god damn ascii 's . . they 're annoying as hell .
NEG and i give a fuck because ?
NEG an m1911 .
POS how can they forget the first ninja gaiden . that was a great ending . pretty graphic intense for nes at the time .
NEG this waiting is killing me !!! :d
NEG yeah let 's ban everything but victory gin . <br> <br> war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength
NEG i 'm all for this plan . i love love love his analogies . but these ideas will only come to pass when the vampires -LRB- board of directors and corrupt/silly politicians -RRB- have sucked the last dollar out of the economy . it 's funny though that when they 're the only ones left with money it will no longer have any value .
NEG coraline is a book .
NEG that show was the sole reason i went to hulu to begin with because my local blockbuster refused to stock it .
NEG so sick !
NEG are you sure ? looks like his helicopter is malfunctioning .
NEG elaborate on how the dinosaurs are not in the bible ?
POS god , how i would love to untie that bowtie of hers .
NEG if i send them a brick or some dog turd , i wonder how much it 'd be valued at
NEG i know other people have said it , but i really do n't think this your typical scam ... if you send your property away without knowing what it is worth and you blindly accept what someone says it is worth then you are a fool and more power to cash4gold . <br> <br> is this really that different than a best buy extended service plan ? or upgrading your ram through dell when you buy a new computer ? or getting that ` rustproofing ' for your new car ? <br> <br> full-tilt capitalism maybe , but scam ? ehhhhh
NEG as title suggests , it is several ` missing links ' of a very big , very disturbing puzzle . . the links usually not discussed as ` acceptable ' truths , links conveniently left out of other documentaries . . cia ? do n't think so . the rabbit hole goes much deeper than 1 single film could ever be capable of . missing links highlights several culprits behind the curtain hidden safely in shadows of this fraud of the century . <br> <br> pnac is the cornerstone to 9/11 . just ask sibel edmonds ashcroft invoked the ` state secrets ' privilege on her to silence her completely and prevent her from revealing the truth of their crime networks and weapons/arms trading profiteer deals . they are afraid of her speaking in a court of law , under oath , of what she knows of this cover-up . what have they got to hide ? why such intense secrecy . is this how an innocent party acts ? 9/11 is a trans-national scandal that would embarrass far too many ` important ' people . <br> <br> any wonder why this pnac ` think tank ' group and their ` new pearl harbor ' to put our major-theater war manifesto in motion - ` coincidence ' was never investigated , questioned , held to account , probed , much less mentioned or analyzed in the slightest by the usual paid-for talking pundits on controlled fake ` news ' networks to speak of . .
NEG you should read and study the bible in its entirety before you say anything like that . at least do your research or something . man , what a waste of diggs from other people ... <br> <br> ignorance is bliss but it 's not useful .
NEG yeah , all 7 seasons of macgyver were really mastercard commercials too !
NEG have you walked down the streets of seoul as a white man with a short haircut ? no , then stfu . the rest of your rant is off subject .
NEG thats the thing , it wont happen here because we have guns . <br> <br> and people wonder why we like our gun rights .
NEG so if you sold your house for $ 1 , and then decided 10 years later you wanted it back , someone should just hand it over to you ?
NEG since when did football become a non-aggressive sport , and cardinals fans just face the fact that your defense just could n't pull it out because if they did you all would n't be crying about it . arizona had plenty of chances to win this game including the interception that went back for a touchdown before half , if they get 7 there the cardinals probably win this game . besides what affect did harrison have on the outcome of this game after the interception return ... nothing . so throw him out and you still lost . nobody can just enjoy the game i guess ... typical of internet forums and digg .
NEG oh please . every other os in the world handles this better than vista . this is microsoft catering to the shit for brains users out there who click on every flashing banner on the net and then blame microsoft for providing an insecure system . why should i be inconvenienced because of them ? there are plenty of people who know how to use their system properly and even run their machine without anti-virus/spyware software without any problems . you know why ? because they 're not fucking retarded . <br> <br> i bet your one of those people who drink a bottle of draino unless the warning label said not to . i do n't want my os holding my hand for me .
NEG i would have to say i 'm torn on the issue . on one hand , i like the idea of having work to do here in the us . i like money , i like having a job . and when people buy from my company -LRB- an american one -RRB- , i get to keep my job . i know there 's all sorts of talk from people about how ` oh protectionism does n't work ! ' reality is : if my company does n't make money , they lay off tons of people . which they have done and continue to do . <br> <br> there should be incentive to keeping jobs in the us , and it should n't come at just a monetary price tag . unfortunately , it 's all about the money . and if there 's no money to be made here , then there 's no reason to have companies here . <br> <br> we have nothing to export . we do n't have tons of cheap labor . we ca n't survive on $ 2/day like they can in some of these nations . we 've built regulations into our system to protect our workers and our consumers . we ca n't just go throwing lead paint into toys and poisons into toothpaste to reduce the cost of production . <br> <br> unfortunately , as a result of this and the result of the ability to communicate and travel to far off nations there 's no incentive at all to have jobs here when you can make significantly more money doing it elsewhere . <br> <br> so yes , i believe we need some way to enforce some minor protectionism in our economy . i 'm not saying cut off completely import and export or anything of that nature . but i 'm saying there needs to be incentive to stay focused on our country . there 's nothing wrong with this . most other countries have a protectionist policy when it comes to their workforce and it works out very well for them .
POS christian bale kicks fucking ass !
NEG yeah , i 'm sure she gave it to one of her friends - i have some doubt that four high school senior girls from an upscale community all had their own cellphones . / sarcasm <br> <br> i 'm from rochester too . i always said -LRB- before texting came to be as big as it is -RRB- that it 's not talking on the phone while driving that 's a problem , it 's dialing . <br> <br>
POS dude , it 's just like in gate keepers 21 . now , if you could just control - when - the phone explodes , and look good in a skirt , this could be the best thing ever .
NEG spray-painted lead .
POS some people play to be competitive or to be creative . sure , those things are fun in themselves but only to certain people . what detour is getting at here is that they just play the game without worries simply to have fun , not to be the best -LRB- or even any good , for that matter -RRB- .
NEG hes not a great actor , gets everything he wants , people drool over everything he does , surprise , you 've created a monster .
NEG and more morons will buy it .
NEG ` however i wish he had pulled a bill o ' <br> <br> but is n't that what this is anyway ? <br>
NEG you may want to watch this television ad that is playing . then join the blogs and fight to bring america back to common sense . <br> <br>
NEG ie6 is pretty quick to boot on windows machines , would never use it for a browsing session , but i can usually use it to check a page before ff even loads . -LRB- uni thin systems are fairly slow on i/o -RRB-
NEG for most people , its a search engine , nothing more . for those stupid enough to have bought into the whole web 2.0 cloud bollocks then yes , they 're going to be in the shit . or not . those who will really be in the shit are the google doccers daft enough not to have local copies and corporates stupid enough to be running their email system on gmail . <br> <br> the rest of us will just go ` meh ' and use something else . <br> <br> i do n't use gmail , i do n't use google apps . if google disappeared completely , i 'd just click on the down arrow next to the google icon in the search box of firefox and choose another from the list , that 's how completely and utterly irrelevent google is in my life . if it 's there i 'll use it , if it is n't , i 'll use something else . recently though , i have been using something else - ixquick - and it seems to be better than google .
NEG daschle withdrew , so should the sect . of the treasury ...
NEG all of you idiot nutcases posting anti-marijuana propaganda from government websites , you need to watch a bbc documentary called should i smoke dope ? it was done by a journalist who compared pot to alcohol . she smoked different types , and performed all sorts of experiments while intoxicated . guess what ? everything that our government is telling us about pot is a lie , her conclusion was that pot is less harmful than alcohol .
NEG yeah , our money . where was all of the debate & discourse when the bailout bill was passed in a record wee 's time ? this is absurd . are we all so exhausted from being forecefully bent over we ca n't recognize when we 're being run over ?
NEG and we dont die , as you can see in the end of the commercial .
NEG can i see the video
NEG who gives a shit what the gop thinks ? they compromised in the house for the gop and not one republican voted for it .
NEG plm cate cielo-uri si matizuri din romania sunt facute altundeva ? . .
NEG it is fairly ridiculous that on my shitty htc winmo phone i have a full browser with flash . hell adobe already has flash in preparation -LRB- if not done -RRB- for winmo . give me a break apple and let go of the leash . <br> <br> correct me if i 'm wrong about the flash on windows mobile .
POS no , games are n't responsible - we are responsible . it 's our choice ...
NEG incorrect ^ <br> <br> 1 -RRB- the evidence that suggests peds make a pitcher throw harder is substantially weak . the sentence you 're responding to -LRB- ` chemically enhanced pitches ' -RRB- was a figure of speech -- peds help pitchers reduce fatigue as the season wears on , thus making them more effective in the later months than they otherwise would be . example : ryan franklin 2003 . he had a career year where he was able to throw 200 + innings of quality pitching despite * zero * enhancement to his ` stuff , ' was busted in 2004 , and has since found starting significantly more difficult and has been relegated to a relief role . <br> <br> 2 -RRB- velocity induces * vastly * more swinging strikes than it does turning ordinary flyballs into home runs . if anything , a fastball with more zip on it because of peds would hurt barry more often that it would help him , as it would all hitters . <br> <br> ^ this sentence may be factually correct but the insinuation behind it is wrong .
NEG i us them and thy deliverd
NEG vitriolandangst , you said : ` cuba , is under a damn embargo from the us for the past 40 years . it has nothing to do with trade restrictions . ' <br> <br> an embargo is a set of trade restrictions . judging from your other incoherent comments in this thread , however , i 'll forgive your mistake as simply a product of your elementary nature . <br> <br> intrepidia is exactly right . relying only on domestic production is terrible for an economy . you can also check out north korea .
POS actually , i 've been a fan for close to 25 years , and indeed there were a few photos there which i have n't seen before .
POS no ! i am ! laugh out loud
POS and i thought the original sound recording was hilarious ! <br> <br> now we just need a mash-up of him and o'reilly .
NEG the funny thing is if there were to be a picture of him with a beer in one hand and a cigarette in the other , no one would have said anything
POS if nvidia sold those today , i would buy one . pair that with windows 7 , and you have a great htpc .
NEG blue stinger was fun but made absolutely no sense . most confusing game i ever played and that includes metal gear solid 2 .
NEG well maybe it has something to do with the fact that the title says ` concept '
NEG nothing wrong with options ... that work .
NEG clearly the only way that noumuon can make friends is by making fun of everyone else and hoping that people will like him for it .
NEG ' i do n't want to be walking to the shops in fear that granny is packing . ' <br> <br> and what precisely do you have to fear from granny packing ? do you think that the instant someone starts carrying a firearm they become a ranting , raving , murderous maniac ? on the other hand , someone willing to commit the crime of murder probably is n't going to worry a whole lot about getting charged for an illegal gun , so any idiotic gun bans are n't going to do anything to stop them .
NEG pretty useless all my incoming mail goes in one category anyway , porn .
POS i 've been visiting shacknews since it was called shugashack and before that , quakeholio . i hope steve and co stick around !
POS see <br> <br> it 's based on accusations , not trials .
NEG can someone put this article in movie form for us americans ?
POS and tie you to a dugout beam with duct tape .
NEG - cops arresting someone -LRB- translated to english -RRB- - -LRB- and yes i know this was just a gift -RRB- <br> <br> cop : did you really think you were going to outrun us ? have you seen our cars ? <br> <br> arrestee : i 'm sorry officer , i do n't know what i was thinking . i do n't wan na go to jail . <br> <br> cop : yeeeeeahhhh ... well we kiiiiiinda blew our entire budget for the year on these cars . we ca n't really afford to put you somewhere . but we sure did catch you in style right ? just do n't do it again .
NEG blago-loco .
POS i like the idea of that they can be replenished in seconds with a new cartridge of methanol , but is that something an owner can do or does it have to be professionally done ? and what is the battery life ?
NEG these comments suck .
POS ahaha loved the sumo one
POS a lil krazy just like my football
NEG dagger , the verses of the rajim most probably existed , but even if they had , they would now be abrogated . <br> <br> this is still irrelevant . curtis said ` muslim world ' , not ` muslim religion ' . are you claiming stoning is prominent in any other culture ?
POS cool . since joomla supports mootools li by default , this means i can use this technique to integrate flash into joomla and will become a joomla-builder with flash in a pocket . thanks !
NEG your right , maybe we should all be really cool and talk about how great pot is and how much we love it because we 're so awesome .
NEG your digg tells me as much as this comment tells you : <br> <br> iajdsiofajsu32i09321 oifdas0ifas908 2309oijdf !!!! iaso9034 -LRB- -RRB- * 1092839 -LRB- -RRB- * wsads !!!! hooray !!! 0912091823jkasdaopd
NEG he did n't even need to read the article , the title was enough .
NEG about time i heard a bit of news on this in bale 's favour , the fact that everyone considers this supposed ` meltdown ' news is pretty much beyond comprehension . . important scene , idiot dp mucking around in the back , i hope he never gets work again in this field of work .
POS it looks like the sheep is laughing about it in the picture .
NEG the fact that it promotes islam is n't what 's shocking , it 's the fact that it 's ` hidden ' and not obviously a religious product . if it did say ` christianity is the light ' it would either be obvious on the front that it was religious , or it would probably be just as controversial . <br> <br> * edit * i did a bit of research , apparently there 's a lot of controversy over whether it 's actually saying ` islam is the light ' or not , so i have to say this is probably just a gross overreaction . grow up , soccer moms !
POS i 've seen them demoed in book stores . <br> maybe you should get the ebook for free when you buy a book . <br> <br>
POS no way , scandinavia has some of the fastest internet around .
NEG i do n't see how it could n't suck , unless they load robert downey jr. up with as many narcotics as his body can handle , let him come out on stage in his tropic thunder blackface getup , drinking thunderbird wine , and give his acceptance speech in ebonics laced with dead heath ledger jokes .
NEG price drop is a huge fix for me . $ 59.00 for new games ? seriously ?
NEG aeroflot ? more like aeroflop !
NEG they actually had a prosecution in the lowcountry -LRB- beach area for you out-of-staters -RRB- a year or two ago for that .
POS and you know what ? thats ok ...
NEG people still give a shit about scott stapp and chad kroeger ? last i heard creed broke up about 5 years ago . <br> you 're living in the past , dude .
NEG did you just really use the non-word , ` doosh ? ' <br> <br> wow . how ironic .
NEG it 's san fransisco 's way of getting back at the nation .
NEG crap , i did n't even get that at first . i really need to learn about this ` math ' thing someday .
NEG it 's an economic trap !
NEG i do n't see how it matters who does the talking , so long as what 's said is true . both sides are largely comprised of stupid politicians or evil politicians pandering to stupid voters .
NEG blacklabelsar , i appreciate your desire to join in the pile-on , but in this case you 're wrong . i 'm fully aware that godwin 's law simply states the probability of a nazi reference , and nothing else . however , as i 'm sure you are aware , the most common corollary to godwin 's law is that whoever makes the nazi comparison loses the discussion . <br> <br> 99 % of the time when godwin 's law is invoked , the person using it means the corollary . i do n't think it 's necessary or helpful to force everybody to say , ` the most common corollary to godwin 's law ! you lose ! ' it 's pedantic and artificial , and nothing is gained by it . <br> <br> lastly , i think you should all be grateful to me for providing you with such a comedy goldmine .
NEG same reason people endorsed bush 's illegal policy .
NEG hmm seemed funnier in my head .
POS eminem really is quite a genius . also , his public persona is not at all the same as his real personality . he is actually a somewhat quiet , nice guy . of course , people only see the public side of a celebrity .
NEG fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck <br> <br> watch it get postponed again i swear to god ... <br> <br> government and specific people are fucking idiots . <br>
POS sorry about the double post , but here is a much better representation of the game , shows also how it sounds if you miss the targets :
NEG batshit insane ?
NEG profit by investigating for months -LRB- and in detail -RRB- who wore the strap-on .
NEG wo n't kill us necessarily . a lot of scientists say that it will cause a lot of deaths but the most likely scenario is that the field wo n't collapse entirely , it will merely be confused -LRB- and intensity will decrease somewhat -RRB- for a while -LRB- as in , two north or two south poles for a couple days or weeks -RRB- .
NEG it 's true thet world can end at any moment without warning . that 's why i always tell people exactly what i think of them because i may never get another chance .
NEG the first people hitler murdered on a large scale were the mentally handicapped as they did n't meet his expectations of a ` master race ' . the german people were furious and rose up against this aprobation and it soon stopped . the next group of people to be exterminated were not the jews or communists or homosexuals : it was the intelligentsia . the people who knew the program and where it was headed . some were teachers and university professors . today there are few teachers or professors in this country bright enough or deprogrammed enough to be a threat to anyone . however i was blessed to by surrounded by over 15,000 of the intelligentsia on 9/2/08 in st.paul , minnesota . and i knew it was just the tip of the iceberg . <br> hitler took everyone 's guns before the roundup so his pussy gestapo agents could do their job easier . does fema et al really think the real americans are as quick to surrender as the germans ? do they really think we 're going to go down without a fight ? <br> thanks for the post . do not stop talking about this to your fellow americans .
NEG i understand it 's an unstated digg etiquette to close your comments with / sarcasm if you meant to be sarcastic . trolls have unfortunately killed the subtleties of language . <br> <br> cheers !
NEG yes , yes they did . <br> <br> after breaking in and stealing it from the un . <br> <br> ... only so that they could ` distribute ' the food to their political allies and leave the rest to starve . <br> <br> <br> this is the 5th time you 've posted this contradictory story . quit spamming it and go home .
POS welcome to digg
NEG same here , i 'm not able to see new shouts most of the time
NEG the volt ? when ? the volt keeps getting pushed into the future . the only reason they might actually produce it is they 're getting desperate , as they ca n't seem to compete with the japanese companies in the traditional car market .
NEG how about some albert lee ?
POS dig this ^ ^ ^ up this guy has talent and people should have the oppurtunity to see/hear him play also it 's a cover of ronald jenkees ' a fun beat from outer space ' ronald jenkees is even more incredible check them both out .
NEG captain picard causes the destruction of all of humanity . he did it before , he 's doing it now and he 'll do it again !
NEG are you thinking about those 10-10-220 , telephone commercials ? he talks about that here : <br> <br> ' i made an album in las vegas in the '60s , and a hippie friend said to me , ` man , you sold out . ' so i said , ` wait a minute , what is that over there ? ' and he said , ` it 's a phone , man . ' i said , ` that 's ma bell . you 're cooperating with them . you have one of their implements in your home . you sold out . ' by that i mean that this thing is on a scale . the alternative , the real pure path , is to live in the woods , make your own clothing , and perhaps eat small game , if you can catch it . you have to choose how much you 're willing to put up with for your purposes . so , i am a reluctant participant in the commercial world because that 's what they have here , that 's the way they keep score , and i 'm not about to go live in the woods . if this were a culture where everything was free , i would do this for free . i would go from campfire to campfire , dragging my stone tablet of jokes around for people to see in exchange for pieces of meat . it would be a nicer system . but that 's not the way it is . <br> that being said ... in the early '80s i discovered that i had made bad business decisions during the last half of the '70s and was deeply in debt to the irs . it was still 70 percent tax time . i was behind . the penalties and interest were burying me , and i had no career to speak of . so a friend of mine , a promoter , became my manager , and we began to dig out of this , and it 's taken me 20 years . when the people from 10-10-220 came to me , i said , ` well , it 's a phone service , it 's not a poison gas , it 's not gasoline , let me listen to these people . ' they gave me full creative control over the imagery and the content , and they wanted to use me doing my stand-up . so i made what i consider a compromise , or an adjustment . that 's my personal euphemism for it -- we all make adjustments to our value system according to our needs and what we can tolerate . '
NEG here comes the story of the hurricane , <br> the man the authorities came to blame <br> for somethin that he never done . <br> put in a prison cell , but one time he could-a been <br> the champion of the world . <br>
NEG what the fuck digg :
NEG i would bet doing porn with a condom starting today for 20 years is far safer than smoking a pack a day for 20 years .
POS i vote nathan fillion as the new green lantern !
NEG no way - according to the koranimals on digg.com - hamas would never do something like this ... must be the zog media that is once again manipulating the world ; or ... <br> <br> <br> the fucking truth is hamas are a bunch of terroist animals that would kill anyone and anything as long as they can also kill jews . this group of animals need to be extinct ! <br> <br> and for those hamas supported spewing lies - you can digg me down but i will only become stronger and more powerful . a pox on each of your houses and may your suicide belts be defective and kill you and your entire fucking family 's - you camel dick smoking motherfuckers ! <br> <br> ok - back to work .
POS i lol 'd
NEG ha ha ha ! those are the reasons i wont be using it !
NEG you assume most of the execs involved with bailouts would actually be affected by this . <br> <br> think again . <br> <br> do you have your little pocket obama book yet , that 's full of wonderful sayings from chairman obama ?
POS i use adobe strictly but corel is more of a preference thing . adobe though is a lot easier to use .
POS man , that is sexy .
NEG i have a feeling a lot of the chinese connections will be anon proxies and tor nodes . not that i use tpb but i doubt that they have too much chinese stuff .
NEG the answer is tax cuts . <br> with them , it 's always tax cuts .
NEG i do n't care if you 're using a pelt gun . if you shoot at my house and keep shooting at my house while my family is in it and i 've told you to stop , and no one is willing to help me make you stop , i will take cover and freely use my rifle , shotgun and pistol to kill you . is that overkill ? <br> <br> shooting at me does begets a response .
NEG i 'd hit it . so hard .
NEG sodade , i used to be a stoner , that is why i am against it . it ruined my life , that is why i am against it . <br> i was also a victim of a drunk driver , and i am against alcohol . <br> do you need any more fucking explanation . <br> i do n't care who is productive and who is n't . i am against it for my own reasons , does it really bother you that someone is against it ? i mean , can you not live your life because of that ? <br> oh and not to mention that the people that i do know that smoke it , are dumber than a bunch of rocks in a bag , not only do they act stupid , but they 're also all criminals of some sort . just like i was . <br> <br> but i already said what i wanted , legalize all drugs . woooooo ! <br>
NEG this 2010 , we all should unite to remove nancy pelosi as speaker before it is too late . <br> <br> the only real alternative is the republicans ...
POS nintendo needs to do more digging in their nes catalog for casual party games . ice climber , balloon fight , mario bros with a nice modern glitz and more players would be fun over drinks .
POS to pilot : you sir ... are a badass !
NEG this is the ticket republicans . this will really get those votes next election ! keep up the good work !
POS wow ... good catch .
POS this one reminded me of this psa that played on tv when i was a kid <br> <br> 0:18 , that kid loves to pretend to be a dinosaur
NEG ` the amount of the tax credit would be $ 15,000 or 10 percent of the purchase price , whichever is less . ' <br> from : <br> <br> -LRB- credit to chris 8185 for the link -RRB-
NEG the jewish nwo are the play makers , the muslims are their chosen players because they also have a dream of world domination . <br> support neither . <br> be allied to your constitution and people of your own ilk , and friends with nations of a similar make up . <br> cultural marxism seems to have blurred everything that the western world knew was right for it and its people . <br> the nwo agenda and the islamic agenda are both threatening to the west , the fact that they bounce one another off each other should be of no consequence to a nation that is basically under attack by both . <br> get nationalist , preserve and reinstate with vigor your constitution and the old american way of life.attack the perversity of cultural marxism , recognise it for the nation destroying disease that it is , understand how it works and how it was made to fool you out of your nationhood .
NEG not only are they remaking rocky horror , but they seem to be well on their way to remaking every film mentioned in ` science fiction , double feature . ' ugh .
NEG biff 's alternate universe was in 1985 . what kind of future is that ?
NEG i am glad that / b / was n't there . the kid would 've taken his life for sure .
NEG i think he was messing with you . i 'm going to start doing this . but not to you guys , i hate wasting your time . you see , i know that your time is important and ...
POS the same scientists curing your diseases .
NEG looks like it .
NEG men do n't want to know where she is . <br> we want to know where she is n't so we do n't get caught out ... EMO_HAPPY
NEG so is poison ivy . put that in your pipe and smoke it -LRB- do n't really , you will die -RRB- .
NEG as one of the people commented on the site , i bet a lot of birds are gon na meet their doom on those mirrored walls .
NEG but i thought he had spybot ?
NEG jesus christ , why is everyone attatched to obama 's balls . he has n't done any good yet , and if anything his people are exactly what 's wrong with our government . <br> <br> goddamn cocksuckers and politicians <br> <br> go sharks !
NEG ... but the ball is attached to the cup with a string , so it ca n't go anywhere .
NEG wow , that site is incredibly similar to lifehacker .
NEG dear natural selection , please do your job asap , thanks .
NEG ` even if he is innocent . ' <br> innocent ? do you not understand the concept of a court of law ? y ` see what happens is the defendent is put on trial . evidence against him is presented . if this evidence does n't hold up he is released without charge . i think i 'm going to have to repeat this for you : if he 's innocent , he has nothing to worry about . the point is you could n't give two sh * ts whether he 's guilty or not , you want him off the hook . <br> <br> ` abused by arab immigrants ' <br> this article fails to mention amnesty is the one building the cases against israel 's war crimes . i take it amnesty is made up entirely of arab immigrants is it ? perhaps i should further explain the concept of a court of law . the idea is that an impartial party known as the judge ultimately makes the decision weighing up the evidence for and against . the arab ` barbarians at the gates ' do n't get to clump together and vote on who is guilty and who is not . <br> <br> here 's your problem mate <br>
POS actually need to start looking for valentine 's gifts .
NEG if looking at this entirely from a practical standpoint , obama could wear a leopard speedo -LRB- and as long as he feels secure in it -RRB- , do the job to the best of his ability . <br> <br> however , professional dress codes , regardless of personal comfort , are required for many of us.for senior executives doing business with the sleeves up is done behind closed doors , only in front of high ranking internal staff . ultimately our president is america 's chief executive . while we may not give a shit , his appearance factors into the perception that his peers carry -LRB- in america and abroad -RRB- regarding his respect for them , himself and the people he represents .
POS cool , sounds like that one feature from gamevee .
NEG what the fuck .
NEG * cocks shotgun *
NEG we have only ourselves to blame . if i remember correctly , we are a republic , and as long as the incumbents continues to give their constituents what they want , no matter how short sighted the gains , then they will continue to get elected . let 's face it , we 're a nation of spoiled , selfish children for the most part .
NEG i watched all of that . i hated every minute of it , but i could n't stop . it was like driving by a car accident . you do n't want to slow down and look , but you just cant help yourself . except this time the accident involves a clown car , a transsexual hooker , and a squad of very bored cheer leaders . <br> <br> god damn if we did n't do a number on japan with the atom bomb .
POS lol !
NEG that 's ok . if you do n't want to boycott . your statement makes the specific point of ` choice ' . should n't a company stay away from moral issues ? but then again maybe not . in either case i stand by your decision . i 'm not going to buy their products because i know that marijuana is not a bad plant .
NEG these critics are completely off-base with their assessments . <br> <br> i know that the digg community loves lists , but if more than1000 people wind up digging this article , it will be a sad day .
NEG great commentary , but i do n't want cheney to leave the country . i want both bush & cheney to have their family assets seized to help pay for some of the destruction they caused . then i want them both held accountable for their crimes -LRB- too many to list -RRB- . <br>
NEG national socially responsible health care !!! <br> whatwe need is nationalized health care that keeps all of the money sucking fat companies totally out of it . all the health care costs should be borne by the country itself since too much time and money is spent figuring out who is responsible for all the carcinogens , pesticides , and everything else in the country that has unknown side effects . and then adding profit margins , advertising , legal costs , ceo benefits onto the cost . not only that the profit motive makes the first priority of any company the avoidance of coverage as much as possible . that is an insane approach to the health and welfare of a nation and it 's national security . as we know we are all affected by the lack of treatment of diseases of everyone else ! in an interdependent system everyone needs to have good coverage . <br> it also seems to call in question the motivation of any form of insurance . <br>
NEG impossible to beat 1 million on this song
NEG looks great , but the actual desktopgaming site is down right now ...
NEG well , who needs a stimulus plan when we 've for paris to save the day ?
NEG jfc who cares ? who cares what bush says none the less what some douche bag who worked for him says . bush is over . get over it ! find something relevant to write about !!! <br> <br> ` in response to the andrew card controversy ' what controversy ? f off and die ! <br> <br> will andrew card issue an apology ? ' who fing cares ? my neighbors cats sh1ts on my lawn . will the cat apologize ? if so will there be press coverage ?
NEG i hate both teams so i can be honest . <br> <br> ray ray was shoved before he took the shot . it should have been a foul on the floor . i 'm not quite sure what the bonus was at that time . <br> <br> and saying that the game would not be close of someone shot better -LRB- from any angle -RRB- is like not saying anything . so do n't .
NEG religion is the anchor of moral society ! and as moral society is forced to drag that anchor in it 's quest for progress .
NEG while these are all good points , if it is n't a project designed to be begun and completed in the short term then it is n't economic stimulus . that would be regular infrastructure building and such spending should be considered in other normal budgetary spending matters . the argument that ` this is our big chance to get a huge chunk of money ' does n't fly , we should not be any less critical of the spending in the stimulus package than we would be spending in the federal budget .
NEG katt williams , we 're coming for you ! <br> <br> signed , the dea
NEG this does n't sound like anything that ca n't be treated and managed with a straight-jacket , a padded room , and lots and lots of thorazine .
POS absolutely amazing . props to them .
NEG 5 dollar foot long
NEG quick lets pass another hurried bailout bill !
NEG sheesh , i thought the fight was tough in cali .
NEG ` thats the point ! ' <br> i am so happy to have the president stand up for the real world . a stimulus is spending . you can spend it on good things that create jobs or stupid things -LRB- like simple rebate checks -RRB- that do n't . that is a good debate . but 40 republican lawmakers do n't believe this simple fact and voted to remove all spending and replace it with huge tax cuts for rich individuals ! where is the middle ground with that ?
POS dugg for the title .
POS e -RRB- have a few beers , and worry about it tomorrow .
NEG does n't mean he cant miss it
NEG where 's mr. eastwood and his m1 when you need him ?
NEG i guess they are planning to bailout their penises with our money .
NEG when i first read the headline , i thought he was just stopped several times by several different officers . i was a little disappointed that it was just one long event . <br> <br> question : did he break any records ?
NEG yeah , barely any new intellectual properties , but there 's always a few surprises so we 'll have to wait and see .
NEG wow , boner killer
NEG democrats on here trying to act like only the republicans lie ... wow you all are so naive ... almost all the people in washington lie . this happens to cover about the stupidest lie that had little impact on anything of any lie ever committed in washington . learn to pick your fights better . argue the war . . but getting riled up over this just shows you blow everything the bush admin did way out of proportion .
NEG is n't twitter the name for a vibrating butt-plug ?
NEG you know , bush had a 23 % approval rating .
NEG there 's no shame in failing a driving test a couple times , but 771 ???? she must be a complete idiot , because no driving test is beyond memorization . we 're not talking 5 or 6 tries , seven-hundred and seventy-one . come on woman ! get your head out of your ass !!!
NEG buried for inaccuracy . i can name 5 top players that 's not tiger woods . <br> 1 -RRB- tiger woods <br> 2 -RRB- tiger woods <br> 3 -RRB- tiger woods <br> 4 -RRB- tiger woods <br> 5 -RRB- tiger woods <br> <br> oh shi -
NEG i 'm with you on the first 2 but the last is n't really an inconsistency , it 's just an inconvenience for the sake of seeing the stars .
NEG the only thing that surprises me about this story is that there is still a station carrying air america . who knew ?
NEG so this is just as useless as the vista ads ?
NEG i said this so long ago when houstonpress had 2 back to back articles that were just slideshows of about 100 photos or so , something that would never have made the frontpage because it required reloading the page 100 or moreso times to go through the set . also the site went from literally obscure to suddenly extremely popular with only recent submissions - as in no previous articles submitted from the site .
NEG would n't classify that as a debate ... he basically dumbs himself down enough to make anyone who ask him a serious question an ass . he really made tucker look like an ass but at the same point he ca n't answer a serious question with a serious answer .
NEG blu ray , the long run , is irrelevant , but it looks nice now . blu ray will * never * overtake dvd . vod will take over before then , easily .
NEG remember the vikings ?
NEG and though you die , la resistance lives on .
NEG actually , in this time of economic hardship , it is good for the country to have a leader to look up to . obama 's mere presence in office is restoring american faith in the economy and will help to make things better . he is not an over night cure but he does a good job of giving us the faith in america we need right now . <br> <br> btw . as an obama supporter , i would be behind mccain had he won because we need a leader at this time in history and anyone willing to do the job deserves respect and admiration .
NEG ramen is 10 cents a packet . you are splitting 10 ramen between 10 people .
NEG , did you read this article ? or was it over your head ?
NEG ` the wording of stimulus bill says that government bailout money can not be used for churches -- it does not ban religious worship . ' <br> <br> the wording of the bill said nothing of the kind . i suggest you actually read the text of those couple of lines that demint was questioning , in context with the entire section of the american recovery and reinvestment act . <br> <br> priority funding is given to higher education facilities that have been included in a declared emergency . all the funds are administered through the state departments of higher education , and distributed in proportion to the number of students at each school . <br> <br> all schools receiving grants have to commit to spending 25 percent of the grant to projects that are certifiable under ` green ' building standards , such as the leed green building system , etc. . <br> <br> the grants are to be used for a wide variety of renovations and improvements ' ... that are primarily used for instruction , research , or student housing ... ' <br> <br> except <br> <br> -LRB- a -RRB- the maintenance of systems , equipment , or facilities , including maintenance associated with any permissible uses of funds described in paragraph -LRB- 1 -RRB- ; <br> <br> -LRB- b -RRB- modernization , renovation , or repair of stadiums or other facilities primarily used for athletic contests or exhibitions or other events for which admission is charged to the general public ; <br> <br> -LRB- c -RRB- modernization , renovation , or repair of facilities -- <br> <br> -LRB- i -RRB- used for sectarian instruction , religious worship , or a school or department of divinity ; or <br> <br> -LRB- ii -RRB- in which a substantial portion of the functions of the facilities are subsumed in a religious mission ; or <br> <br> -LRB- d -RRB- construction of new facilities . <br> <br> <br> so , while the money can be used for projects in facilities that are primarily used for instruction ... if the facility is primarily used for instruction in religion -LRB- such as a school of divinity -RRB- , then the grant money can not be used to renovate or improve that facility . at least 25 percent of the grant money has to be spent on green building projects . <br> <br> i 'm not certain if that bit in the bill is discriminatory , though it seems likely , as the wording is vague -LRB- how much usage is ` substantial ' ? -RRB- ; the government withholds money that would be granted for improvements to facilities used for any other type of instruction . <br> <br> not exactly equal treatment under the eyes of the lawmakers . <br> <br> demint appears to have been grandstanding with his proposed amendment : <br> <br> ` to allow the free exercise of religion at institutions of higher education that receive funding under section 803 of division a ' <br> <br> that said , i think the entire bill is a travesty , as you do n't get out of debt by digging ever deeper into your creditor 's pockets . <br> <br> the complete text of the bill : <br>
NEG no investigation because - the ag is a regular client ? the ag 's brother is a regular client ? the ag 's best friends are regular clients ? do i have to go on ?
NEG '' what executives have done is troubling , but it 's equally troubling to have government telling shareholders how much they can pay the executives , ' said sen. mel martinez -LRB- r-fl -RRB- . ' <br> <br> ` senate minority whip jon kyl -LRB- r-az -RRB- blamed the ` tone deaf ' bankers for creating the political environment that allows obama to call for a cap . <br> <br> ` because of their excesses , very bad things begin to happen , like the united states government telling a company what it can pay its employees . that 's not a good thing in america , ' kyl told the huffington post . ' <br> <br> ' ... but , said inhofe , ` as i was listening to him make those statements i thought , is this still america ? do we really tell people how to run -LSB- a business -RSB- , and who to pay and how much to pay ? '' <br> <br> you fail at reading comprehension . <br> <br> ` burrying this post only means you agree with me ' <br> <br> sorry , it does n't work that way just because you say so . buried . <br> <br> <br> <br>
NEG i have n't studied maine 's leadership enough to declare them rino 's or otherwise , but it 's my understanding that maine 's had a longstanding secessionist movement .
POS i think it 's like baseball hitters - babe ruth had the most homers . also the most strikeouts . adhd people are on the extremes of bell curve .
NEG what the hell ? where did all the rational obama supporters go ?
POS i 'm really honored that you recall me as an economics student . actually i 'm in graduate mba school . loyola , chicago part time mba program . ranked 8th best in the nation in part time .
NEG like the ` super-evil-jail-brake-psychopathic-traffic-warrant-prisoner-on-the-loose ' virus .
NEG bad joke ixam ...
NEG exactly . people do n't give kids medication in the best interest of the child . they do it in the best interest of the parents . it 's a lot of work for a parent to raise a child that is able to function well in society despite any disorders he may have . much easier to feed him some pills .
NEG the corn industry deliberately confused everybody in order to make a shitload of money off the subsidies . reasonable biofuel methods are sustainable . for example growing algae on sewage .
NEG hmmm ... -LRB- walks back to bed scratching ballz ! -RRB-
NEG schools do n't destroy creativity , the decimate it !
NEG given the choice i 'm sure christopher reeves would rather have been rolling that day .
NEG so when is the shrek porn coming out ??
POS i just want to know where you got that totally awesome wallpaper . i 've been looking everywhere for a shot of a wave .
NEG makes little difference ? look at homerun records . obviously , being able to practice for much long periods -LRB- due to drug use -RRB- has an effect on reaction time and coordination .
NEG until you get a new video card and have to wade through dep hell again . <br> <br> <br> ... back to windows <br> until jolly jackass comes along and lures us again . . and round and round it goes .
NEG you know things are bad when your wood table kinda smells funny .
NEG see also : whoosh
NEG perhaps you should learn how to spell before attacking someone on their jokes .
NEG was i the only moron who thought this bird was going to holding a pole ?
NEG but what if i slipped some rufies into your drink ?
NEG melbourne did n't burn dickhead . you 're worst than the media . <br> <br> my thoughts go out to the friends and family of the 35 plus people who have lost their loved ones throughout rural victoria ...
NEG i 'd love to see this as a touchdown celebration in the nfl -LRB- no fun league -RRB- .
NEG <br> all the more reason to support the platform . the ` core gamer ' on wii is as close as you can get to an untapped audience this generation and so wise developers are going to try and use that to their advantage .
NEG there have been players who have cheated , bragged about cheating , got caught and punished , and still made it into the hall . <br> <br> optimally , you 'd be able to easily tell who 's in the hall and cheated and kick them out . then gather all that are eligible , find out if they cheated in any form , and let them pass through if they did n't . after that , make anyone who 's found cheating automatically ineligible . <br> <br> but the first part of that is impossible . so other than doing the impossible , there are going to be some cheaters who receive preferential treatment over others . and that 's bullshit . <br> <br> it 's fucked any way you slice it .
NEG while i disagree with ending the death penalty entirely , i certainly see a need to make it harder to impose . i have thought for a long time that we need a higher standard of ` proof ' than the ` beyond a reasonable doubt ' convictions we have right now . it is an overused word , but there are some jackals out there that are truly deserving of the word ` monster ' and when those deserving few are caught and ` scientifically ' proven to be guilty , our world is better off with them dead . <br> <br> would it help to have a full review the case after a conviction , but before the sentencing ? make sure the conduct of the police was completely above board , the prosecutors actually turned over all evidence as required , the defense was competent , the judge had no conflict of interest or political agenda and all the forensic tests were done by certified techs on properly calibrated equipment , etc. the conduct of all involved needs to be examined and if it is n't completely above reproach , then the death penalty is off the table and life without parole becomes the maximum sentence .
NEG be sure to hack your genuine advantage bs before they shut down the authentication servers ... it will be another drm nightmare ...
POS a really nice list of resources !!!
POS i still have two copies of win 98 , and i absolutely need them to run a couple of my ancient machines . that being said , while i enjoy being able to use windows on these relics , i certainty do n't expect to continue getting security updates or any other support .
POS this is interesting . where and how do you get all of these stuff from mrbabyman ?
POS good .
NEG alaska = corruption
POS never thought i 'd be on a boat ...
NEG the people who think iran are a completely peaceful nation that would never do anyone any wrong are going ignore this kind of stuff until iran directly attacks israel . they 're too stupid to recognize the significance of iran using hamas/hezbollah as proxy fighters .
NEG how do you like them apples ?
NEG i agree . i think if we just pretend that there is n't a problem then it might magically go away .
POS words make you smile in spite of cruelty
NEG it astounds me how eager some us citizens seem to be to reinstate the trappings of a monarchy .
NEG i did n't mean it as not spending it on a place to live at all , i mean does it have to be fancy . sorry i did n't make myself clear .
NEG no more body bags ! <br> <br> this is not the change we voted for !
POS say no to drugs .
NEG ` the curse of kabbalah is upon you a-roid ! '
NEG i happen to know a few people who work at goldman . none of them were born with silver spoons in their mouth . when employees donate , it 's going to be a mix .
POS i love how everything was pre-set up , like the camera drivers and e-mail client contact for parents
POS are you kidding ? this one is 5x funnier .
NEG i just did my first one of these an hour ago . only two of what was on my list was on their list . i had a morning to waste anyway .
NEG it 's just easier to be a molester if your a republican , most liberal mothers would balk at handing over their 5 year old to a 52 year old man for the night . <br> <br> palin type mom 's are more like , ` oh your a nice christian republican man ' , here ya go !
NEG interesting , but as far as subbys comment ` this looks to be like one of the coolest free mods for hl2 ever . ' i hardly think so . you want cool , grab the strider mountain pre-release .
NEG do n't over hype this movie like nightmare before christmas .
NEG ' * they have more money . ' <br> nobody disputes that . <br> <br> ' * they have more friends ' . <br> because they have more money . <br> <br> ' * they are more religious . ' <br> ignorance is bliss <br> <br> ' * they are healthier . ' <br> they can afford better health-care . -LRB- see above -RRB- <br> <br> ' * they are more likely to be married . ' <br> because they are more religious -LRB- i.e. get pregnant , got ta get married -RRB- or they have more money . <br> <br> ' * they like their communities better . ' <br> because they can afford to live in better communities . <br> <br> ' * they like their jobs more . ' <br> because they pay more . <br> <br> ' * they are more satisfied with their family life . ' <br> easier when your less worried about money . <br> <br> ' * they like the weather better . ' <br> um ok thats great . maybe because more republicans live in the south ? <br> <br> ' * they have fewer financial worries . ' <br> no shit . <br> <br> ' * they 're more likely to see themselves doing better in life than their parents did . ' <br> easier to make money with your parent 's than starting something your self . <br> <br> ' * they 're more likely to feel that individuals - rather than outside forces - control their own success or failure . ' <br> sure their individual parents . <br> <br> ' * they have more of what they most value in life . -LRB- no , it 's not money -RRB- . ' <br> yes it is . or at least all you can buy with it . <br> <br> did you even read the information from the link you posted ? <br> <br> ` as is well known , republicans , on average , have more money than democrats ... it turns out that money and happiness tend to go hand in hand ' <br> <br> ` income has the greatest impact on predicting happiness ' <br> - quoted from linked article . <br> <br> sounds like its all about money to me . nothing do do with being a republican .
NEG the funny part is that those who burried him , dugg you .
NEG that 's why you vaporize . none of the damaging effects , all of the benefits .
NEG my heart hurts for this family . i feel for both partners , and their children . we live in ca , and in a non-religious hospital i was very disappointed when hospital staff refused to answer my questions as to my partner 's emergency room visit , which was under circumstances much less severe than what happened to the family in this article . the lgbt community faces so much discrimination and lack of respect in so many ways . the fact that this family did all they legally could , had all the right paperwork not to mention the legal expenses that go along with all of that , not to mention 17 years of life shared together and still their was no regard for their relationship , and the fact that they were a ` family ' by hospital staff when one of them was dying , scares the shit out of me , the doma laws need to be repealed . i think the involved hospital staff , and the heads of the hospital should all have to go through diversity sensitivity classes , and i hope the hospital looses this case and has to pay the family an exorbitant amount of money . sometimes the pocketbook is the best place to hit in order for such lessons to be learned .
POS awesome guitar player !
NEG how much you wan na bet that the mainstream media will never cover this ? they 're always the first to start yapping whenever something negative comes out about pot , but when some great news like this surfaces , they dig up some extra crap about jessica simpson or hannah montana to justify their non-coverage of the pro-pot story . the conservatives can drivel on about ` liberal media ' all they want - the more apt term would be ` politically correct fear-inciting media . '
NEG will you seed ?
NEG whats the big deal about american apparel ? its not walmart or target moving in ... <br> <br> probably people with self owned and operated clothes stores that sell stuff similar to aa are the ones that are upset . locals probably are in favor .
NEG a tale of a loveless geek .
NEG you 'd think all these articles about how the last $ 700 billion the government spent is being wasted would erode support for spending another $ 800 billion in ` stimulus ' . fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me , although in my particular case i opposed both of them , so you did n't fool me so much as you overpowered me . <br> and yes , i realize this is the united kingdom , but its the same story , just different taxpayers getting screwed .
NEG ` marijuana is illegal because anyone can grow it and there is no real market if it were legal . ' <br> <br> there are so many things wrong with this statement . <br> <br> first of all , i can grow just about anything that i put my mind to . question ? why is n't tobacco illegal ? anyone can grow tobacco , but its perfectly legal . <br> <br> secondly , you massively underestimate the market that there would be if marijuana was legalized .
NEG the lab created thc anyway ... <br> muahahahahaha > evil pharma laugh >
POS i got 300 and something once and i almost shit my pants when i saw . congratulations my friend .
NEG mmm . . a nice face full of libel from fox ...
POS thanks for submit this kind of articles . its very important for human beings
NEG you would think the owner would let him eat for free ... unless he is a city fan laugh out loud
NEG if i had half a million i 'd be set for a long time / i 'd buy some really , really cheap housing right next to a uni . <br> <br> then i 'd rent them out for aud $ 100 a week . try and pack each house with 5 or 6 students . <br> <br> if i managed to get 2 houses that 's maybe 10 students packed tight . that 's aud $ 1000 a week . easy . <br> <br> what are these rich guys complaining about ?
NEG -LRB- 1 -RRB- michael phelps : the worlds fastest pot head <br> -LRB- 2 -RRB- i think marijuana should be legalized .
NEG that 's crazy . nine stories .
NEG burn laugh out loud
POS well played sir , well played indeed .
NEG thanks ... now i have that lame ass ` how it 's made ' theme song stuck in my head . i love the show but the music and the dude 's voice -LRB- american dub version -RRB- is duller than a plastic butter knife .
NEG oh for christ 's sake - it 's not fucking funny ! digg is so fucking dead .
NEG how many cats have you fought to the death now jinandjuice ?
NEG only if you 're living in india or china .
POS why not . there should be enough dough in the ` stimulus ' bill to bail them all out .
NEG nothing like big brother spending your money for you , is there ? / sarc
NEG lucky bastards . <br> when i was a teenager i had to hope to find a stash of used porno in a bush .
POS bum , gneural , robotfindskitten and cowsay are relatively unknown and nice EMO_HAPPY
POS is the pope a catholic ? he is and yes , sex sells , it always has and always will !
NEG misleading ? perhaps , but do n't judge the speaker harshly . it 's rather difficult to explain it succinctly and accurately to the layman . let me give it a shot . <br> <br> the fact is all our best descriptions of the universe treat time and space on a very similar footing . you may choose not to call time a dimension ; words are just words , so that 's your perogative . but in fact time is something very similar to a dimension , and in the mathematical sense of the word it certainly qualifies . <br> <br> in fact the basic difference is , time has a ` minus ' sign in a couple of key equations , while the three space dimensions each have a ` plus ' sign . -LRB- well , the other difference is it 's measured in years instead of meters , but that problem 's solvable . one light year is fundamentally one ` year ' of distance ; that 's why physicists use light years ! -RRB- <br> <br> now it 's true , that minus sign makes time a very different beast from space . but in a mathematical sense it 's still a dimension , and spacetime is a four-dimensional manifold of some strange structure we do n't know everything about yet .
NEG is that all of them ? it does n't seem like that many for the whole internet .
NEG now i have a reason to never go to subway , to eat its shitty subs .
POS its actually easier to be a web server than it is to be a web client , like safari . web services are in their essence very highly specialized ftp built to talk to a custom document viewer , i.e. web browser .
NEG have you seen the living ?
NEG the solution to our problem is to collapse as a nation . people never realize the problem until its too late . that is perhaps the best medicine . <br> <br> change is such a minor thing , the change anyone was preaching is only the difference of raising or lowering taxes . <br> <br> we needed a revolution not some rabbit crap like change . <br>
NEG those are completely different products . the opportunity cost of buying a kindle is not an eeepc .
NEG perhaps you should start with learning how , then work up to learning to enjoy it .
NEG old news is old .
NEG hey , i 'm just commenting on something that i find pretty offensive . i find it disgusting that people can look at children and can even think of sex . i do n't know what is worse , someone that would buy a child or someone that would sell their own !
NEG what are you talking about boy ? there 's still like another 6 and the last one is 3 hours long . <br> <br>
NEG these comments are ... <br> <br> these comments are worthless . <br> these comments are dumb . <br> these comments are buried by me . <br> these comments are not funny . <br> these comments are not sarcastic . <br> these comments are made by idiots . <br> these comments are made by trolls . -LRB- please stop trolling -RRB- <br> these comments are n't in any way intelligent nor wise . <br> etc. . . etc. . . etc. . .
NEG the sony prs-700 has a touch screen .
NEG : a rented apartment and a popular car are definitely not considered luxury in brazil . there are a lot of poor people in brazil , but more than half of the population can afford such things . <br> <br> middle class is very alive in brazil , especially in the last few years . <br> <br> perhaps you think brazil is a huge slum -LRB- as you might have seen in city of god -RRB- and a decent home is rare thing around here . this is far , far away from reality . more than half of brazilians can afford an apartment , a popular or second-hand car , a flat-screen tv , computers -LRB- as stevemax said -RRB- and they 're not considered luxury . <br> <br> if you 're talking about these luxuries in a world level -LRB- damn , even a hot shower is considered a luxury -RRB- then i agree with you . but i 'm just saying at brazil .
NEG man , i have n't heard the word ` encarta ' for about 20 years .
NEG i have n't heard it ... but man , john mayer puts me to sleep with his music and now his lyrics !
POS logic , <br> <br> remember she made the choice .
POS i lol 'd <br> <br> occasionally good comes from the place that shall not be named .
POS good idea
NEG and now they 'll have to play catchup with google sync as well <br>
NEG bastard firebugs . they should hope the police catch them first , they 've destroyed too many lives to be able to walk around without someone exacting some retribution . as has been said , 108 is from mid-afternoon yesterday , it 's 173 now and expected to easily top 200 .
NEG why did i never think of this in the school cafeteria ?
NEG i read heroes ' as herpes and thought ` ohshi ! '
NEG i do n't get that either . punch the hell out of a cop , break his glasses , kick him in the head , roll around with him in the street trying to get run down by a car and then you get to leave the country and get properly drunk in irish pubs .
NEG this thing is a complete fucking joke and if you think otherwise you are sadly mistaken
NEG i do n't know - sony is a pretty good example of useless fucking labyrinth pages of settings .
POS i like big butts and i can not lie !
NEG no , he ca n't . this is an old story , and it has been proven that no weapons space treaty is possible . <br> this is just political retrace to support obama blindly
NEG buried for being a tool !
NEG i think he 's an idiot for getting on the tracks when there was a train so close .
NEG feb 6 , 2009 - ' curry reported that although suleman has received disability payments from the state of california , she said she refuses to accept welfare payments ' maybe our reporters should digg alittle harder ...
NEG the entire dutch and jamaican olympic teams ?
NEG and went on a boat afterwards
NEG i fucking love sony , fuck you , piece of shit
POS not weird at all , i do n't see the problem with the ad . it 's humorous , goes straight to the point , and it exposes a problem . <br> <br> who is the moron who thinks this is shocking in a bad way ? it 's supposed to shock you to communicate its message , that 's all .
NEG oooooo.gruesome . i shall make it my desktop on my work computer .
NEG wait !!!! heath 's dead ?!?!?! laugh out loud wow ... these people seriously want the joker to never be portrayed again on the big screen ? i assume they do n't want anymore gay cowboys either ? lol ... as much as i loved heath 's performance as the joker -LRB- and i really mean it , had my doubts , but he truly won be over -RRB- ... the fact of the matter is i like watched the caped crusader fight the joker ... i feel the reason why heath 's performance was so ` amazing ' was cause we have never had a joker role that was truly meant to be dark , terrifying , and devilishly evil . I do n't know what runs through peoples head though , even if this does have justification it will never happen .
NEG it 's not even about the hardware vista is just a memory hog , but at $ 20 a gig i fail to see where the problem is . can you even get a computer with less than 1gb of ram now ?
NEG um , no . sand flavored ice cream is not fun .
NEG america , with all her faults , is still a very free country . <br> <br> <br> in america if a woman is ganged up on by 4 men , it 's usually while you are fapping and she was paid for being on the dvd . <br> <br> <br> in saudi arabia , if a woman is ganged up on by 4 men , it 's her fault and she gets whipped .
NEG non-violent crimes , especially drug charges <br> <br> start selling drugs on someone else 's turf and see how ` non-violent ' drug dealers are .
POS i 'm going to make a bundle on $ 0.99 downloads of my pet rock iphone app .
NEG presumably you 're talking the laffer curve , so then you 'd know that after a certain optimal taxation rate revenues would start to decrease as tax rates are lowered . <br> <br> knowing this , maybe you can tell me the difference between dropping the top marginal tax rate from 90 % -LRB- as kennedy did -RRB- and dropping the present top tax rate from 35 % . <br> <br> do you think there might be a different effect ?
NEG it would be the height of hypocrisy to dump a-roid now just because what the yankees knew full well privately when they signed him is now confirmed publicly . <br> <br> is there any mystery when a former texas player shows up dirty ? can you say sosa , palmero , pudge rodriguez , ken caminiti and of course the poster boy canseco ? <br> <br> just who the hell was running that club , anyway ? whoever it was must be a major league a-hole . i hope nobody like that ends up with a position of any real influence ...
POS repost of the century ... <br> <br> welcome to the internet .
NEG reminds me of the old pong controllers . for the pong game that connected to the tv .
POS honestly i just zoned out and spent an hour watching all of these . they 're mesmerizing .
POS evolution refers to the fact that species change over time , eventually diverging over time to make new species , or just changing from one to another . that 's by no means a model , it 's a fact .
NEG fuckin thing sucks !
NEG aww ... * studies *
NEG i 've had 3 phones with windows mobile and they all have sucked . mpx200 , motorola q , xv6800 . <br> <br> windows mobile is very slow and will continue to suck for the next x amount of releases they have .
NEG thanks for your input lemur . many of the diggers do n't understand the culture and associate or stereotype all of islam based on actions found in saudi arabia . an equal justification would be the saudi arabians to call every christian pedophiles for sexually assaulting young children . or to chastise us politicians for viewing child pornography .
POS people need to understand -LRB- and i know there 's a vast majority who already do -RRB- that guns do not kill people . years ago -LRB- i do n't know like 100 -RRB- children could buy guns , there was barely any restriction on guns and there were less killings than now . it 's people with their ideals and motivations that kill .
NEG irony
NEG o'reilly is to ` journalism ' what mtv is to ` music ' <br>
NEG obligatory comment that is obligatory .
NEG almost everyone did ...
NEG ` thank god laserdisc did n't catch on ' <br> <br> wtf ? first of all , it pretty much outlasted vhs . more importantly , it was about the best consumer-electronics product ever . at a time when video tape had barely made it into homes , philips and pioneer had the guts to develop and commercialize a laser-based optical disc system . in the '70s . let 's see : uncompressed video , stereo -LRB- and , later , dolby ac-3 -RRB- sound , directors ' cuts , extras -LRB- some even had the entire script of the film on the disc -RRB- . and no wear . and selling for $ 35 per movie , when crappy , mono , quickly worn-out vhs tapes were selling for $ 100 . <br> <br> laserdisc could have topped dvd 's picture quality if it had offered anamorphic and progressive images , because it was uncompressed . its primary disadvantage would 've been video noise level . <br> <br> hopefully your friends and family do n't rely on you for electronics advice .
NEG someone track down an address , email , phone number , something that we can write to this police department and speak our minds .
NEG that whole fraud of ` sea ice back ' has been repeatedly exposed as nothing but more denier lies : <br>
NEG this new york times article this article is sourced from is laughable . <br> <br> sirius xm might get rid of howard stern ?? really ? because i 'm pretty sure he 's a driving force behind the company , if not the driving force at this point .
POS onlywire.com is an awesome website for the entrpeneur who is making his first step in the business world . check it out .
POS marijuana appears to slow everything . EMO_HAPPY
NEG i just did . why is my comparison wrong ? just saying it does n't make it so . <br> <br> also , i figured you do n't support slavery , i 'm just showing why the reason you 're cool with prop 8 is totally bogus . like , it 's a fake reason . <br> <br> and marriage actually is considered a fundamental right . it 's considered part of your right to privacy .
NEG i feel sorry for you 360 owners , one day you 'll be able to afford a real pc .
NEG wrong there have been almost no war in which the 2 sides had the same religion .
NEG i 'm on the side of the free staters , you ninnies ! house resolutions are one thing . actually defending yourself from a belligerent federal government is something else entirely . several states have brought up this ` declare sovereignty ' thing and what does it change ? they all still take federal money for their schools , permit unconstitutional federal agencies to meddle in their citizens ' lives , and roll over for the exact same jurisdictional power grabs as always . <br> <br> what a state * really * needs to do in order for all this celebrating to be justified , is to pass a law that flies directly in the face of unconstitutional federal policies , and back it up with lethal force . for example , new hampshire could decriminalize marijuana , and arrest any federal agent that attempts to harass anyone for possession .
POS michael phelps i 'm pulling a bong ripp for ya . <br>
POS because i wo n't have to carry 15 books on a 3 week vacation ! if i minded reading from a screen i would n't be on digg right now ! i can read the advance readers copy of my favorite authors new book several months before it printed , by getting the earc from webscriptions ! there are many novels that are available only as ebooks !!
NEG just saw this yesterday . <br> <br> you should also see this :
POS building a good friend list and being active daily is the key .
NEG fap fap fffffsssorry , what ?
NEG we did n't start the fire .
NEG one word : redskunk .
POS so , let 's discuss then . robots ? i 'm for robots ... ninja robots that look like thomas jefferson .
NEG what amazes me is why this is on digg ? vw bluemotion cars have been around for years .
NEG it does n't have to be a nonprofit , or big volunteer effort . it 's the little miracles , the little bits of compassion and energy that we give to others that accumulate in personal excellence everyday and amount to growth of character and strength in spirit . do unto others is not just an adage but a way of being . and this is n't just for weekend warriors . think about it the next time you step over a homeless person in the street on your way to where ever .
NEG the final statement shows that the chief is more concerned about damage control and protecting his ` brothers ' than what really happened on that video . a history of violence does n't excuse excessive force by the officers on that day . i wish more police actually care about justice .
NEG ha , that 's a fucking accomplishment right there . finding few-year-old files , it 's quite impressive , although understandable . <br> <br> the biggest fuck up i 've had was accidentally the whole hard drive . i was actuall going to a floppy drive , but i was talking on the phone , distracted , selected the wrong drive , and few clicks later , my hard drive was formatted . i realized that when i saw that file system was set to ntfs , and i was like ` ntfs on a floppy ? wtf ? ' a microsecond later i felt like shooting myself . <br> <br> 80gb of data , including downloads , mp3s , movies . over 48 hours trying to recover that shit . i got back like 50 % , mostly due to the lack of decent free software at the time .
POS i respect your honesty .
NEG ` easily doable ... ' <br> <br> like your mom ! xd <br> <br> sorry .
NEG sure he did smokey .
NEG it is so much more than a media player , and the player part comes unlocked . can vlc render straight into a podcast format ? can it create . mov and . m4v ? mixed with flip4mac can it render . wmv ? can windows movie player do any of the above ? <br> <br> actually can the rather otherwise awesome widows media tool you can download for free convert into . mov or . m4v ? i think not , wether you pay extra or not . <br> <br> i paid for it , and have used it 's features to make money since . ca n't remember last time i used it to watch a video , and their lies the reasoning i 'm sure . <br> <br> if it 's unlocked , i wuld have thought watching video through itunes on a mac is making quicktime irrelevant except for rendering video or watching . wmv -LRB- a format that is quickly being made pointless -RRB- . quicktime pro mixed with flip4mac studio is an incredibly powerful and inexpensive tool for a video maker . <br> <br> frankly , people moaning about quicktime are not using it to full potential ... or are mac haters jumping on their silly bandwagon . <br> <br> no idea what you are talking about people . <br> <br>
NEG i believe it 's spelled ` respeck ' .
NEG reminds me of what my big brother used to do to me .
NEG if your own community is filled with selfish folks like yourself , not willing to help out -LRB- note : i did n't say give up your own food supply -RRB- your fellow neighbors , then you guys wo n't last a year . <br> <br> good luck to you .
NEG <br> 1 out of 6 is some progress <br> <br> / no , even mcdonald 's salads and apple slices have 24 grams of trans-fat . xd
NEG if we use california as a microcosim of what liberal government can do -LRB- do n't even try to claim that schwarzy is a real conservative -RRB- then i think we can clearly see where the us will be after 8 years of obama . i do n't know what kind of weed they smoke in washington but the idea that we can spend -LRB- aka print -RRB- our way out of this is patently retarded . the government can not fix with one payment what it has spent 40 years creating with bad legislation and spending . sadly even ending the war really wo n't help . sure we 'd save all those billions by not having troops abroad , but then we 'd have all those troop back home ... looking for jobs ... where there are n't any .
NEG is it just me or does a guy say ` fuck you ' during the news report when they switch to the blond girl ?
NEG also notice in commericals now that any ` bad person ' is a 30 something clean cut white male . they got them breaking into houses and taking a break from jogging to sift through your trash to steal your identity .
NEG enough with the hate-mongering . anything that panders to a stereotype is not ` hate speech ' . yes , women have pms . yes , men double up if they get kicked in the balls . neither observation is hateful . <br> <br> most of these commercials would work well enough with a man/boy as the protagonist too . they are not sexist , just implying their customers are dumb . i remember a commercial where a man was apparently too dumb to work a water filter , and the woman showed him how , smugly . that is sexist , but apparently there is only outcry if the roles are reversed . -LRB- of course , it would be sexist the other way round too -RRB- <br> <br> and of course , i concede the polyglas tire one is completely sexist and demeaning , but how old does that have to be , 40 years or more ?
NEG found this pretty interesting : <br> <br> male bashing in tv <br> <br> just shows how a lot of comedies/sitcoms have a male lead who is an idiot/poor parent/etc . and how in between the commercials have an anti-man vibe to em . <br> <br> thought it was interesting to go against the tv hates women vein .
NEG digg lefties ca n't handle the truth
NEG shopped
NEG kudos yes , but sometimes i think these guys are there too long !
NEG i 'm still skeptical about this , but we 'll soon see !
POS poitier was the man .
NEG down in orange county the cops just ship the homeless off from the rich neighborhoods -LRB- irvine -RRB- to the poorer cities -LRB- santa ana -RRB-
NEG no . it 's not . what we have here are bad decisions by people playing with money that is not theirs . then , when the bill comes due , we get forced to pay for their bad decisions . the only way out of this spiral is called fiscal responsibility . which is n't going to happen as long as we worship greed in this country .
NEG like fdr said : we have to ` make -LSB- them -RSB- do it . '
NEG perhaps you should focus your anger less on this ` piece of shit ' show and more on your diminutive brain size ? it seems this show is much too complicated for someone of your iq to comprehend .
NEG what the fuck indeed .
NEG even though 120 - something baseball players have tested positive for steroids , i think it 's awesome that everyone is jumping over a-rod . way to be a bunch of haters , non-yankees fans . <br> <br> see you in october . <br> what 's left of you .
POS i 'm surprised to say this , but i may actually retire my pirate xp for a legit w7
NEG that was weak . i feel like the whole darth vader character swap thing was played out a few years ago already . <br>
NEG i didnt digg you down , but question : <br> <br> when has obama upheld the constitution ?
POS ha ha this is pretty cool . here is one i enjoyed . <br> <br> 174 the world 's biggest pyramid is not in egypt , but in mexico
POS laugh out loud at their pricing scheme ... quarterly payments of x % of the developer 's sales . .
POS good post darcine ! there are whiners on the left and blowhards on the right - but they need each other . they cancel each other out and keep each other in check . this causes the nation to be centrist over time . <br> <br> benjamin franklin knew this and talked about it frequently .
NEG . net should be ditched and mono should rise , meaning c people should code toward mono and not . net . in term what this will do is force microsoft out of ownership of the c coding language . then by c having no owner it can become as standard as c or c++ that in terms will help developers and ` all ' users . <br> <br> i admit i had a problem against c because the fact . net , closed and propetiary , is the main implementation of it . though with an open implementation combo of c / gtk / qt -LRB- its called something else -RRB- i noticed this is actually a good thing , except for the fact mono is trying ot be a 100 % clone of . net and not try to surpass it that is an issue . <br> <br> basically what i want to see happen with mono is that it integrates functions and parts from all over into it , basically anyone who builds extentions to mono-c do n't hesitate to begin integrating these things in the mainline design . <br> <br> so pretty much if mono continues to be brain dead step child of . net then i ca n't truly support c , but if people force mono as the c standard then its well worth it .
NEG nice to see all the huffpo tards are getting paid to game digg .
NEG i suspect they watched the movie ' 21 ' too many times . unfortunately because they suck at math , they devised their own ` genius ' way of becoming infamous . it 's too bad they did n't have kate bosworth with them to tell them when to get out .
NEG this is your biography <br>
POS now , i am not sure , but that sounds like progress
NEG nope , just another excuse to be victims .
POS a world without stds ... every man 's dream .
NEG os x.
NEG i thought this was real for a minute , but it 's a fake , right ? going by what others are saying .
NEG makes me miss river a bit more ...
NEG northwatuppa , if you are so learned about the spendulous package then how can you say we are full of b.s. unless you are reading a different version that the rest of the independent thinking world , like maybe the talking points from moveon.org .
POS that was an epic battle . wish there was a video .
POS no matter who 's singing it , it 's an awesome song .
POS they just upgraded it this year , actually . was c now b.
NEG so i take it imap is scheduled to arrive in 2019 ... good job ms. . . way to lead the pack ...
NEG of course , the joke was n't about digg , it was about reddit .
POS <br> nail on the head right there . nail on the head .
NEG sorry ... did n't show up in the duplicate checker , looks like it was about 6 minutes apart . i honestly try not to submit duplicates and rarely do . <br> <br> and what makes kotaku 's post that is based on a press release ` blogspam ' but your submission -LRB- a blog which did the exact same thing -RRB- somehow more worthy ?
NEG i glad our national media is covering this . it sad that this is being reported by a uk paper , just sad
NEG she 's 41 ! yowza !
POS praying is the only real cure !
NEG that 's a strange statement you 've just made . it 's almost like you 're accusing him of doing something wrong even though he could n't help himself .
NEG you brute .
NEG im pretty sure the world would still spin if mac 's never existed .
NEG for something to be visible , light must bounce off it and be reflected back into our eyes . since light can not escape it , there 's no way for it to be reflected , thus making the black hole invisible .
NEG screw verison . screw at & t. bring it to t-mobile !
NEG their value started dropping about the time i joined . i 'm really really sorry if it was my fault .
NEG xbox and ps3 does things the wii wo n't . it is bound to happen eventually .
NEG i was making a joke ... go read my posts on my page ... sorry my humor and sarcasm does not transfer into french so well ... EMO_HAPPY
NEG i did , dickwad .
NEG there something to be said about the demand for said porn . if no one wanted to look at it , i doubt it 'd be made .
NEG nuke iran
NEG why ? believe it or not , some of what he submits is actually interesting .
NEG was n't that funny .
NEG in order to get gregg to sign on , obama promised gregg he would get the pork out of the so-called stimulus , and he would do a fair and square census . when the grievance mongers started squealing , obama went back on the census promise and turned it over to rahm ` hit-man ' emmanuel . no warning to gregg . then pork-a palooza happened , with obama fighting for every slice of bacon . gregg figured out obama could n't be trusted , and he got out while the getting was good .
NEG or : 10 ways to troll 4chan / v /
NEG where does wind not exist in the ocean ?
NEG we knew o was a liar going into the election . should n't be surprised that he came out still a liar .
POS does -- > is <br> <br> yeah , thats right , i corrected my own mistake .
NEG if they devoted a couple of minutes to it in your college , you should get your money back . i wonder what other crap they were teaching you .
NEG ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !
POS cocaine is a helluva bargain !
NEG that was my first thought .
NEG dear friday1970 , <br> <br> please do not pretend to be a constitutional scholar . additionally , please do not pretend you are literate . <br> <br> i am widely available , try to find me on tape or something . <br> <br> sincerely , <br> united states constitution
NEG let her do what she wants . <br> your opinion is just that - your opinion . <br> so fuck off ; leave her be .
NEG if by nobel prize winner you mean paul krugman , you are a lying liar . krugman is in full support of nationalization . try reading some of his recent op-ed 's .
NEG you 've missed the point completely . the cap on pay was for companies that received bailout money . <br> <br> this ` top talent ' that is bitching about getting their million-dollar salaries have obviously done absolutely nothing to make their company profitable , they 've allowed their company to get to the point where they need a bailout . <br> <br> christ , that word has become so common now everyone uses it with disregard . this country really is getting fucked up by greed .
NEG there 's a chapter in the book freakonomics all about drug gang business structure and economics . <br> <br> basically , it 's a franchise system , much like macdonalds , with the street dealers = burger flipping johnny no-stars on $ 4/hr , franchise managers = bmw driving execs , and columbians as ceos . <br> <br> <br>
NEG okay he wants to temporarily take them over , well that makes it much better / s <br> <br> one thing i 've learned is once power is in washington it is very hard to get back . give them an inch and they take a mile , look at the patriot act , income tax ... he is putting way too much trust in a government/party he is sceptical of . i 'm sorry , it wo n't work and if they get control of the banks they will not give them up without a fight .
NEG do n't blame me , i voted for ron paul .
NEG umm ... woz does n't work for apple .
NEG my opinion , summed up quite nicely : <br> <br> ` with or without religion , you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things . but for good people to do evil things , that takes religion . ' <br> - steven weinberg <br> <br> not all religious people are evil , but religion makes it a lot easier for people to justify evil actions .
NEG $ 5.5 billion for making federal buildings ` green ' -LRB- including $ 448 million for the department of homeland security 's headquarters -RRB- <br> $ 198 million to design and furnish the dhs headquarters <br> $ 200 million for workplace safety in department of agriculture facilities <br> $ 75 million for the smithsonian institution <br> $ 300 million more for hybrid and electric cars for federal employees -LRB- see below -RRB- <br> $ 180 million for construction of bureau of land management facilities <br> $ 500 million for wildland fire management <br> $ 110 million for construction for the u.s. fish and wildlife service <br> $ 522 million for construction for the bureau of indian affairs <br> $ 412 million for centers for disease control headquarters <br> $ 500 million earmark for national institutes of health facilities in bethesda , maryland <br> $ 100 million for constructing u.s. marshalls office buildings <br> $ 300 million for constructing federal bureau of investigation office buildings <br> $ 800 million for constructing federal prison system buildings and facilities <br> $ 307 million for constructing national institute for standards and technology office buildings <br> $ 1 billion for administrative costs and construction of national oceanic and atmospheric administration office buildings <br> $ 600 million to buy hybrid vehicles for federal employees <br> $ 125 million for the washington , d.c. sewer system <br> $ 75 million for salaries of employees at the fbi <br> $ 6 billion to turn federal buildings into `` green '' buildings <br> $ 88 million for renovating the headquarters of the public health service <br> $ 5.5 million for `` energy efficiency initiatives '' at the veterans administration 's `` national cemetery administration '' <br> $ 60 million for arlington national cemetery <br> $ 75 million to construct a new `` security training '' facility for state department security officers when they can be trained at existing facilities of other agencies <br> $ 110 million to the farm service agency to upgrade computer systems <br> $ 200 million in funding for the lease of alternative energy vehicles for use on military installations <br> $ 2 billion for a futuregen near-zero emissions powerplant in mattoon , illinois <br> $ 2 billion for manufacturing advanced batteries for hybrid cars <br> $ 650 million for the digital tv -LRB- dtv -RRB- transition coupon program <br> $ 1.2 billion for summer jobs for youth <br> $ 200 million for public computer centers at community colleges and libraries <br> $ 750 million earmark for the national computer center <br> $ 10 million to fight mexican gun-runners <br> $ 850 million for amtrak -LRB- on top of its regular subsidy -RRB- <br> $ 100 million for lead paint hazard reduction <br> $ 275 million for flood prevention <br> $ 65 million for watershed rehabilitation <br> $ 650 million for abandoned mine sites <br> $ 1.3 billion for nasa -LRB- including $ 450 million for ` science ' at nasa -RRB- <br> $ 100 million to clean up sites used in early u.s. atomic energy program <br> $ 10 million for urban canals <br> $ 1.5 billion for carbon capture projects under sec . 703 of p.l. 110-140 -LRB- though the original section only authorizes $ 1 billion for five years -RRB- <br> <br> ` no worries mate ! ' i 'm practicing ...
POS it 's nice to see informed comments :-RRB- <br> thanks ! <br> <br>
NEG the basis for comparison does n't hold up . a regular user can go trough 3 lines of coke in about as much time as a drunk takes a swig of beer . so it might be $ 4 - $ 8 a line but you 'll end up doing 15-20 a night -LRB- a cokehead 's night can end at 3 pm the next day -RRB- so if you say that the average drunk will drink 10 beers in a night at about $ 5 a beer . the cokehead can be out anywhere from 10 - 110 bucks a night over someone just drinking . so it is definitely not cheaper than beer in a real sense .
NEG but where is the mac mini ? i only see a dell .
NEG if federal law requires you to sign up that 's it unless ohio changes its law .
NEG this is truly a shame . cambodia was traditionally one place that was welcoming to gay families wishing to adopt .
NEG dood , you 're making us look bad .
NEG obama is such a crook . try to fix the results . this looks more and more like a communist country .
NEG for a 3k computer that person had better be jumping in the way of that coffee like a secret service agent protecting the president .
NEG i just let one fly next to a big tv satellite - is that going to be a problem at all ?
NEG yay , another article where all the digg men say all women are crazy , batshit cunts , and there are no good ones .
NEG more like letting your kid shit all over your couch and then showing him the toilet .
NEG my name is . . slim shady
NEG you find the perfect girl , ready to pop the question , then find out she has $ 150,000 in student loans , $ 40k in credit card debt and a credit rating thats in the toilet . <br> <br> no , rich is n't necessary , just not a financial weight so heavy that it could sink the titanic . <br> <br> if she can screw her own finances with ease , what do you think will happen once you get married ?
NEG i 'm going to go out and get another gun ... . and lots of bullets .
NEG what does that mean ?
NEG a trillion here , a trillion there , soon it is going to start adding up to serious money . <br> <br> / sarcasm
NEG ray comfort is a joke . he had his ass handed to him by the rational response squad debate .
NEG if bj actually spent as much time training as he does talking shit , he might have a better chance against gsp .
NEG yeah ... i 'm gon na have to say the standard 's women put on all other people are higher than they put on themselves . <br> <br>
POS i read the book , and really enjoyed it . when i watched the trailer , i was n't disappointed . i think the movie is gon na be better than i expected ... poor denis ! hahah the movie is gon na be hilarious :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
NEG fuckin pussys who cant go nowhere withot looking like a robbot <br> todays soldiers wear normal cloths -LRB- but green -RRB- and still they can beat the shit out of these robbots without laying 1 finger on tham .
NEG what 's the difference between energy drinks and coffee ?
NEG democracy is dead . our government killed it and we the people did not revolt and overthrow these tyrants . there is no hope for humanity .
NEG i 'm right there with you , in addition i feel i have a moral obligation -LRB- yes , morals have nothing to do with religion -RRB- to point out the wrong doings of religion . it 's just not right to control people through their insecurities about life and fear of death . <br> <br> ' i call christianity the one great curse , the one great intrinsic depravity , the one great instinct of revenge , for which no means are venomous enough , or secret , subterranean and small enough - i call it the one immortal blemish upon the human race . ' - nietzsche -LRB- and i agree with him -RRB-
NEG i study in law school and have been to a few criminal law classes . studies show that certain psychiatric treatments do lower the change of re-offending on specif group of convicted criminals . these kinds of programs are n't really used in the usa since its criminal justice system has opted for the punishment angle instead of the rehabilitation angle .
NEG do n't blame me , i voted for ron paul .
NEG news like this really does isolate a certain group of people ... i saw this coming several hundred thousand seconds ago , and i knew it would be here on digg
NEG there 's no way pirate bay could be punished . technically they are like google . they just index the torrent meta files . if they were based in united states , they might to have act on dmca notices but they are in sweden so .
NEG laugh out loud her life is wasted now
NEG paul krugman ?! are you serious ?! he 's the guy who says obama 's stimulus bill is n't big enough . no only that , he worked for enron ffs ! ca n't believe they gave him a nobel prize . . what a joke . <br> <br> keynesianism is going to die along with the american economy and you 're going to wish you had listened to people like ron paul and peter schiff .
NEG if you 're going to compare platforms , umm windows mobile ?
NEG ` his original plan for fighting slavery was to ensure that it did not spread beyond the pre-existing slave states . ' <br> if you really believe that , you should read up on the corwin amendment , which lincoln favoured .
NEG generation rescue 's data is bullshit junk science , generated to prove a specific point . it has no weight in any discussion .
NEG but how is it doing on the torrent charts ?
NEG worst day ! = bad day .
POS that 's better .
NEG they should take tips from boston.com
NEG i 'm not that surprised that a republican is in support of this . <br> <br> remember this one .
NEG norad tracks everything over 3 inches in diameter , there are many many more dots on the full tracker , even with 1 pixel representations it is quite the cloud ...
NEG what ?
POS quantum mechanical theory is not limited to experience . <br> <br> is it science , or not ? <br> <br> -LRB- see , i knew someone would bring that up , and yet there is the answer . qm is undoubtedly science , and not limited to human experience -RRB- .
NEG they try that every year and failed . every year they try . <br> <br> well . . there always oaksterdam
POS happy valentine 's day !
NEG yep , did n't need a digger to tell me that .
POS they will be as fast as kenyans
POS go kevin !
POS its a great action and suspense movie also download songs for free
POS do you support setting up an ellis island on the southern border so they can get documented right away in order to be here legally ?
NEG based on all i 've seen regarding zombies , i 've learned that the best course of action when zombie apocalypse is impending is to just bite the barrel . <br> <br> or find a hot zombie and chain her up in your basement . it 's not rape if they 're undead ...
NEG this is what the australian federal government wants to put onto every australian internet user and it 'll be a mandatory filter with a opt-out filter on top of it , this madness of the highest order , complete foolishness but the government is n't listening to the voters for reasons best known to others .
NEG * questions ... like this ?
POS that is actually a really good question even though you were just kidding around -LRB- or was it that bad ? -RRB- . i am currently working on a undergrad psych degree and the issue of implanting false memories has come up in many of my courses , but nothing has ever been mentioned about making someone forget past memories . although i suppose you can try to suppress your past memories on your own if you believe in that whole freudian thing .
POS we are the final boss .
NEG who gives a crap ! i love google , it does what i need it to do and i use gmail entirely for my email needs . anyone who bitch and moans about google being in ` beta ' will bitch and moan about it even if it is the final release . they always want to hate something ... if this was apple i bet they will say how much innovation it is that apple stays in beta forever ... new people suck !
NEG you can say that about anything . if you 're so worried about malaria , sell your computer and get volunteering .
NEG i posted this to the wrong video . it should have gone to the video the opelz posted just about this one . i do n't know how it happened . <br> <br> i am ashamed . EMO_HAPPY
NEG i have come to the conclusion that every god damned person on the internet slept through the section of their english class that covers proper use of the apostrophe . <br> <br> fear 's = possessive case - fear becomes the object in possession . -LRB- incorrect , as ` fear 's ' is a noun in this case -RRB- <br> fears = verb , ` fears ' gives action to taliban , making the sentence complete . -LRB- also incorrect ... -RRB- <br> fear = verb , but now in singular form . -LRB- correct case -RRB- <br> <br> so not only was the apostrophe not needed , but the plural form was incorrect as well . <br> <br> i realize there are other errors , but i am getting really fucking sick of people ignoring basic grammar principles and bastardizing the english language . normally i can handle the occasional slip-up , but this shit is seriously getting out of control .
NEG yeah i know kind of raging at all of the comments claiming they would murder the stupid kid over a cat <br> <br> maybe i just do n't have the love for felines you people do after seeing the remains of a baby killed by a cat
NEG that movie has so outrageous errors it is funny in a ` plan 9 from outer space ' kind of way . <br> freezing cold air from the top of the clouds comes down and shock freezes everything , because suddenly the basic laws of thermodynamics stop applying and the air stays cold despite the higher pressure on the ground . .
NEG b00m headshot !
NEG they had a new one after the movie with the town in shambles ...
NEG ' i predict future happiness for americans if they can prevent the government from wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them . ' <br> <br> ` when the people fear their government , there is tyranny ; when the government fears the people , there is liberty . ' <br> <br> - thomas jefferson
NEG two things . the natural cycles take hundreds of thousands of years , not tens of years . <br> <br> secondly a rise of , say , 4 degrees centigrade is pretty much game over for society as we know it . <br> <br> common sense is no substitute for knowledge , as you 've just proved .
NEG from wikipedia : <br> kde 4.0 released - 11 january 2008 <br> <br> who 's copying who now ?
NEG no , do n't they . and will never
NEG you 're an idiot , zendez1 . you have no idea what you are talking about . do you honestly care what happens to these assholes ? personally , i would n't feel bad if they got killed somehow .
POS that ` yummy ' theme looks like a tiger app . the default theme looks correctly leopard-ish .
NEG die
POS made in the us ;--RRB-
NEG honestly i really hope these idiots get whats coming to them , this is just so wrong on sooo many levels , i really hope they dont get just a slap on the wrist they need some serious consequences !
NEG guess that ` splains the comment getting dugg down ... <br> <br> i forget sometimes that mob mentality rules , even on teh internets <br> <br>
POS i do n't work . i do n't have kids . i do what i want , when i want - i am free .
NEG it would also go against richard dawkins ' beliefs .
NEG several links to ireporter pages have already been linked in the comments . <br>
POS the truth is out there
NEG a clever joke , but never tell it again if you ever want to have sex with a woman .
NEG that 's what she said
NEG only 15 comments ... quick sickthoughts ... think of something intelligent to say ... . <br> <br> i can has comment diggs ?
NEG i thought it meant ` quoted for truth ' .
NEG i 'm still waiting for ms cofee .
NEG why make jokes , family guy writers ? just reference a stupid internet meme and the millions -LRB- ? -RRB- of idiotic fans will go nuts !
NEG needs more bacon
POS 100 billion trillion earth-like planets containing life . amazing . now how about the other planets that have sentience that is n't defined by the term of ` life ' as we know it ?
NEG amazing -- the power of an orbiting fleck of paint . the velocities these particles achieve is astounding . it would seem that ` kessler ' was right - and attention needs to be given to the space debris problem . somehow , i ca n't quite avoid picturing a scenario where warring countries decide to blow up each other 's communications satellites . a lot of our military weaponry and defense systems rely on satellites for gps and remote controls , and our abm systems depend on an intact communication system . so far , russia , us , and china have all shown that they can blow a satellite to smithereens . so if star wars ever gets here , there will likely be too much resulting particulate matter for normal space capability to survive .
NEG i dugg you up , and then read ' i am sure anyone who behaves like this has suffered much to become like they are . ' and promptly dugg you back down . <br> <br> no , this kid probably did n't suffer fuck all . chances are this kid is a sociopath . even if he did suffer in life , it 's no fucking excuse for this .
POS can there please be a blue screen of death theme park ride ? please ?
NEG also known as a ` mini-layoff '
NEG and you wonder how the nazi 's could find people to run they 're camps . i 'm appalled to why the military did not protect the people from a government that behaves like this . when basic liberties are removed and enforced this way by the government and military its own people are the next victims . how many young dead americans soldiers now ? the military should invade that ranch in texas instead and go after the real problems ...
NEG obama stated many times on his campaign that he wanted to give more funding to churches and to empower them to help to their communities . i do n't know why anybody is surprised by this move . did you actually listen to what obama was saying and read about his policy during the campaign or just buy into the ultra left wing image that the media and republicans painted of him ? <br> <br> also , despite what you may think , most churces are not the rabid evangelical type and do a lot of good for their communities , especially in inner cities . obama made his early political career as a community organizer working alongside churches . this is exactly in line with his character .
NEG how many times did the article mention ` occupation ' ? <br> <br> zero .
POS mccain has run for president several times and refused to release his records from college or the military . dumbya did n't release his either , they were leaked . we still have n't seen that glowing record of his awol years from the national guard . <br> <br> an no one , i mean no one is even considered for harvard law without exceptional records . to be on the harvard law review is reserved for only the top students and to be top dog , editor , we can safely assume that obama never took a ` history of television ' course in under grad for an easy grad and that he never received as much as an a - in anything he did . face it , he worked his ass off and he is a very smart man .
POS some interesting thoughts concerning christopher reeve 's superman
NEG unfortunately i feel this was her death sentence
NEG coming to bat for louisiana , theamazingkort . <br> <br> well , i have to agree that this is definitely a leap backwards for how the rest of the nation thinks of louisiana . but just like everywhere else , there are probably going to be more idiots than there are rational thinkers . included in those idiots just so happens to be our governor . it 's a sad state of affairs , but it 's a reality for us . i , and many others i know , do not and have not ever supported bobby jindal in his decisions to do anything and i for sure did n't vote for the guy . <br> <br> so i 'm asking nicely , please do n't pigeon hole all louisiana residents , some of us are smart enough to wipe our own asses .
NEG bush had been getting intelligence reports since he was elected - 11 months before 9/11 occurred . 9/11 happened during bush 's presidency plain and simple . he had plenty of time to do something . beyond that , just because clinton dropped the ball does n't actually excuse the fact bush was reading my pet goat during 9/11 , i call this kindergarten ethics . thank god you nut jobs were voted out - say hello to reality gop .
NEG - the bible is the word of god written by man . it is a true collection of stories written as lessons . you do n't have to take the actual words literally to be a believer . i am a christian but i do n't think that the heavens , earth and everything was created in 7 , literal , days . seven days could be tens or hundreds of thousands , or millions , of years . ` soon ' is given as the time when jesus will return and we all know that soon to us obviously is n't ` soon ' to god as it 's been a couple thousand years so far . as an engineer i am well aware of the mountains of evidence of evolution and fully believe it to be true as well . the two are not mutually exclusive . <br> <br> you will say that it awfully convenient that we ca n't prove god exists . but i tell you this ... it 's awfully convenient that something is either fully , literally , true or it is n't true at all . i think you need to think more fully , and critically , about the possibilities that exist rather than claiming something is n't true because there is no proof , without any proof of your own .
NEG better living through nihilism !
POS super mario bros showed us how platformers should play , super mario world showed us how beautiful a mario game could look , mario 64 came out and said ` woo ! 3d ! ' but galaxy is the first one that pretty much nailed all of it and still remained fun . i do n't think i have wanted to put the controller down at any time while playing galaxy . <br> <br> super mario galaxy is the best mario game . possibly one of the best of any game . <br> <br> except alex kidd in miracle world ...
NEG facebook , who cares . . sad muppets vying to be more popular than each other . stupid applications and even more ridiculous status updates . load of old bollocks ! <br> <br> burried for containing the word facebook !
POS well , he 's allowing someone else to present their case . in the interview he questions executive pay caps . he does actually argue the case of the executive . however , you do make a good point .
NEG and i think you are a slanderous and ignorant fool , mostly because rush does n't use drugs any longer . great how free speech works , is n't it ? i mean , where else can all the people who do n't know anything get to talk and then i can show up and show them how ignorant they are ? i love it !
NEG i 'm glad someone remembers that poor little boy torn from a nation of freedom and sent back to castro .
NEG what the fuck happened to the hippocratic oath ? any actual doctor doing that brings disgrace to the entire medical community .
NEG the human being created civilization not because of willingness but of a need to be assimilated into higher orders of structure and meaning . the individual desires judgment . without that desire , the cohesion of groups is impossible , and so is civilization . first , judgment came from the gods . then , it came from celebrity -LRB- the observation and judgment of others -RRB- . now we can implement the same functionality with data-mining algorithms - our next judge will probably be an omni-present self-aware system that we build ourselves , which eerily echos voltaire .
NEG i have to agree with the jackson thing , and if we agree that the effectiveness of an administration is the benchmark , then you may have to put george bush in the top 10 . <br> <br> you may not like his policy , but he damn sure got it done . <br>
POS was not even surprised read wii first EMO_HAPPY
POS hybrid f1 !!!
NEG damn for all that hype it was n't all that funny .
POS this is true , however the first one does function as a stand-alone movie . just like star wars ep . 4
NEG that 's why i run my card counter on a commodore 64 .
NEG 8 engines per car for the season . fia wants the teams to build more efficient engines/gearboxes that can last for more than one race .
NEG beat me to it .
NEG god damn patent wars .
NEG buried , as i did n't see any nuke go off . you can make any zombie dance to rick astley .
NEG umm , the corporate world is not like the consumer world . none of the servers we buy at american express ` come with windows server ' preinstalled , we must pay for a license for every server we install it on . <br> <br> what planet are you on ? <br> <br>
POS ca n't wait to see pics ... i 'm either getting a marq or borg as my next gun
NEG we have conclusive proof that that priest is harboring weapons of mass destruction . <br> <br> oh and it 's not ` alliance ' . it 's ` coalition of the willing ' now .
NEG wtf , this article and this comment thread is a perfect example of whatever the article writer is talking about , of which i have no idea . is this really a problem for anyone who is n't well entrenched in the gaming industry ? i have no idea what the writer is talking about as he cites no examples , and it amazes me that everyone on this thread is more or less agreeing also without providing any examples except for yahtzee . maybe i 'm just not ` in the know ' , even though i read at least 3-4 gaming sites daily ?
POS dugg for cute bear :d
NEG spoiler alert : you will die alone . <br> <br> <br> <br> <br> not directed at you , 007kz .
NEG i 'd like to take her for a test drive to check the tatt personally ...
NEG * loser . <br> i 'm leaving the ad hominem attack alone , but where are you conjuring this fear of ` they 'll take mah guns ' from ? any source ? or are you just like all the fat white sellers i saw at the last gun show i was at ?
NEG the us post office posted a $ 5.1 billion loss in 2008 . if the post office really needs people to run their company into the ground , my 5-year old could probably do a damn fine job of it , and he 'll only charge $ 400 -LRB- the cost of a lego death star -RRB- , not $ 800,000 .
NEG another statement from the writer of the blogpost : <br> <br> ` worse yet , the noise-makers on the blogs are attacking marcia for demanding justice in this case because they think she 's attacking muslims . ' <br>
NEG cv , books , patents , video , conferences , workshops , expedition , iumab , research <br>
NEG if this had michael phelps in the title , it would probably be number one right now .
POS yeah commenting about digg on digg is unrelated <br> gold star .
NEG the current beer tax in oregon , according to the story i saw on the news , said the current tax is less than one cent per pint . while i 'd say -LRB- as an oregonian and a beer drinker -RRB- this is too minimal , and i * would * support a tax increase -LRB- we have such a budget shortfall here they 're talking about closing all the public schools in april because we ca n't afford to keep 'em open -RRB- , an 1800 % jump is n't a reasonable amount in my book . <br> <br> it should be stated for the record that a barrel of beer equals two kegs , so a $ 50 tax per barrel works out to $ 25 per 15.5 gallon keg , or about 20 cents per pint at a bar . <br> <br> of course , area brewers here are claiming it 's going to raise the cost of a pint by $ 2 , which is ridiculous .
NEG sorry , not the case . this cop did everything he could to get phelps arrested , but in the end there just was not enough evidence . a picture of an empty bong , without showing pot in it , without showing phelps inhaling , and without an admission of smoking pot will go nowhere in court and the cop knows this . <br> <br> do n't give the guy any extra credit .
NEG 72 % of the 49 % of the 27 % when including the 18 % of the stereotype group of 19 % . . these studies do n't mean jack . <br> <br> first of all you 're ` surveying ' which means the information is already twisted by the people answering , second of all your group is insignificantly small compared to overall gaming audience which skews the results even further . <br> <br> with no indication of where the group was picked -LRB- as in what part of the fantastic little globe of ours -RRB- it skews the results even further - certain parts of the world seem to be in constant state of depression anyway , judging by the medical sales at least .
NEG i think prostitue is some kind of foreign word .
NEG he 's some friend to stick around and help a friend being robbed . i actually know some people that would back away and yell advice , or run . <br> <br> this one guy i know , he 's not my friend , but three other friends and i lured him into the woods and then one of the friends appeared out of nowhere and started ` raping ' our other friend . three to one , you 'd think the plan would be to take the ` rapist ' on , but no , this guy was scared shitting bricks and wanted to run . then again the fact he does n't respect women 's rights and stuff might have been a factor . still , i would n't depend on him to stand up to a five year old . i do n't think he ever went near the woods again .
NEG the rest is protectionist claptrap . it does not seem to occur to buchanan that jobs are lost and gained in a vibrant economy . prior to this depression , we lost a huge number of manufacturing jobs because of automation . according to dr. sowell , china lost the same percentage of manufacturing jobs that we did . <br> <br>
NEG it was the individual who believed the cat ` felt there was something wrong . ' and you 're debating on the cats ` knowledge ' ?! now , if you 're really paying attention you 'll put together a few things ; notice that it is mentioned the cancer was in an early stage , and could have gone undetected for five or more months . the cats behavior must have seemed random or spontaneous to the individual -LRB- hence his concern being triggered by an event which was n't normal -RRB- . you can very reasonably assume that cat may have sensed a * difference * in the owners ` state ' from one point in time to another . the cat does n't need to think there 's something ` wrong , ' i 'm sure if the cats senses were capable of detecting oder from the cancer then it was simply recognizing and curious about a change , nothing more . <br> <br> the question of ` good ' or ` bad ' is irrelevant , it 's people who determine that subjectively , well all animals eventually learn it hence being able to avoid danger . it could be just a coincidence , albeit an incredible one , the cats behavior was apparantly as ` recently odd ' as the cancer within this individuals lungs . <br> <br> it 's possible this is a coincidence , and evidence from research suggests it may not be . i 'm not going to make a decision either way , i 'll just appreciate the new information i 've been able to consume and learn more about it in time . <br> <br> the important question is ; ` could the cat have detected the cancer ? ' - where on the body the cat was scratching is the only place i see the greatest possibility for coincidence . the detection of the cancer itself may very well have been real and without the need for the cat to ` believe it was a bad thing . ' <br> <br> imho .
NEG the usps is an obsolete , useless organization . <br> 90 % of what they deliver is junk mail that clutters the house !
POS nice work if you can get it
NEG i agree , it was asterisked out for me and i sat there placing each swear word in the blanks trying to make sense of it . <br> <br>
POS this is top news ? = /
NEG feeling what pinch ? <br> <br> he 's still worth * drumroll * billions
POS thank you for actually looking up what my comment was about and your completely right . dugg for accuracy
NEG apparently a lot better than before all the ` gun nuts ' started carrying concealed , potentially preventing crime .
NEG you do n't need to read any reviews to find out which platform to buy a cross-platform game for . the correct choice is always the pc version . for so many reasons .
NEG did hamas steal the candles while stealing the humanitarian aid intended for the starving palestinians ?
NEG ` simple , the flying spaghetti monster does n't exist . ' <br> <br> please substantiate this assertion .
NEG page 2 is never funny .
NEG reptilians ! o_o
POS i agree . wind energy has about half the carbon footprint of a comparable pv array . neither produce co2 when operating , but the manufacture , transportation , and installation is easier for wind turbines .
NEG english fail !
NEG i hate mac users because they think they are better than everyone else . <br> apple 's next campaign : we are for the snobby people who have bigger credit balances . <br> <br> btw , being in college and majoring in digital media , i do n't drive tractors anymore . i should change my username . i have not done a project yet that pc alternative software could not do .
NEG no , no , no , no . nooooo
NEG only fools or tyrants would attempt to infringe upon responsible individuals owning weapons of self defense .
NEG uhhh ... what ?
NEG yep . i 'm over-eager . go ahead and bury it .
NEG psn users ? all eight of them ? you bastard !
POS utorrent has a google filetype : torrent search box on their site EMO_HAPPY
NEG 1 - not a land grab ? what is it then ? a continuation of the statuesque ? <br> 2 - what if hamas claims they are targeting military targets ? therefore and civilian damage would just be collateral . just like israel claims . <br> 3 - democracy means you can vote for anyone you want . <br> 4 - perhaps they would negotiate if you took them off that stupid list and actually attempted to talk with them , you know like people ? <br> 5 - britain had a conscience
NEG does a picture of their face count as real information ?
NEG frost-bush in theaters soon <br> i 'm not a crook !
NEG rue is french for ` street '
NEG why did n't they put the engine and propeller in the back ? that thing would be a bit windy for the driver/passenger in that configuration .
NEG so i guess what happens in the barracks does n't stay in the barracks after all .
NEG that seems reasonable for such a unique domain name . maybe the government will purchase it off the guy to help bail out the porn industry .
NEG it 's time to stop playing the blame game . what bush has done might have been bad but i honestly believe in obama 's message of bipartisanship and understanding . everything we do should be for the state , and a case against bush would divide the country in twain -LRB- yes , i just wanted to say ` twain ' -RRB- . a case like that would make it difficult for any republicans -LRB- who answer to their constituency -RRB- to work on economic packages with democrats . <br> <br> i do n't think it 's fair to let bush off the hook , but right now his ` crimes ' are less important than saving our economy , soldiers , and rights .
NEG i have a nose-picker 's cold right now .
NEG and heavies with natascha !
NEG you were every person in this thread
NEG global warming = what lay people say <br> global climate change = what 's really going on .
POS no lie i just cleaned out my junk drawer and found like 15 cell phone chargers . so what i did is kept one and cut the ends off of the others and with a little electrical tape and some splicing i now can charge 15 different cell phones . i 'm hoping to get my iphone charger and my ipod charger in there next .
NEG when i 'm lonely , i call up tyler durden for some beer .
POS he 's hot . i hope i still have her sexual appetite when i 'm her age .
NEG photoshopped ...
NEG its not his fault , he was brainwashed by some fruity little club .
NEG i was just about to post that .
POS you betcha !
NEG no matter what happens people always find money for drugs and alcohol
POS looks like a no-disqualification match in wwe . lol . or , two kung-fu pandas fighting over the dragon scroll . the one with the steel chair is wicked , while the original panda looks soooo cute . nice logo !
POS dugg for being a funny comic .
NEG ah - grass hoppa .
NEG just so everyone knows . he bit the mans genitals off . note to self : keep chimps out of your neighborhood .
NEG you and the other cockmeats who dugg you are are neither the judge or jury . he is an american citizen and has not been charged with a crime . go to hell back to your third world military regimes . this is n't fucking nazi germany .
NEG ` the u.s. is running out of rich people ' is actually one of the less stupid things she said here .
NEG on the more b-list end of this list , what about giovanni and marissa ribisi ? -LRB- i know we do n't like to count them since they 're apparently scientologists , but they 're not incredibly bad actors ... -RRB-
NEG can we just put a huffington post feed on the side ? then people do n't have to bother posting every huffingtonpost.com article .
POS a super nintendo style watchmen game where you can either be the the golden age silk spectre or nite owl . what a hoot !
NEG i can not even believe you are trying to make conservatives seem open minded and non-controlling . if it was n't so damn sad it would be f 'n hysterical .
POS that was the best !
NEG oh come on !! <br> s and b keys are not even close on the keyboard for an honest typing mistake ...
POS you 're a door gorilla and you managed to write a -LRB- reasonably -RRB- coherent sentence ? i take my hat off to you , sir .
NEG it is actually climate change , you say that theres record cold temperatures across the globe , thought about australia lately ? its pretty messed up . down south in victoria we have bush fires . extreme bush fires , that have been burning for weeks . now this happens every year yes , but not this bad . and just the other week nsw was the hottest part of the earth . now up north of aus we have floods through north qld . . . yes again it does flood in north qld . . but this is intense . <br> now i think this ` geo engineering ' crap is bullshit , like we havent fucked around with the earth enough . why not get out and do some good , get solar and hydro and wind plants happening , yeah theyll cost , but we are actually running out of coal , and those emissions are doing terrible things . and people winge about the miners losing jobs ? well its not like they cant go and work in solar wind and hydro plants ... and now i hear people saying nuclear , yeah thats heaps clever , give usa and japan the power to have nuclear weapons . way clever . and the nuclear waste ? that wont have any effect on the environment . . not at all . <br> and yeah its all ` safe ' but one fuck up and you 've got deformities growing out of the ground , spreading through the ocean . whyve we got ta keep taking risks ? <br> people need to pull their heads out
POS jason x was awesome - it was incredible the limits of believability they pushed in that movie .
NEG also known as hot pink .
POS ' i hope it falls further . ' <br> <br> me too - any bargain-hunter will love these low prices . my only regret is that i ca n't invest more than about $ 1600 per month ...
NEG yet another lame submission that will hit the front page only because a power user submitted it .
POS i > 3 ff 2 !!!
NEG simpsons did it
NEG i was first . whaaa ;-LRB- <br> <br> mine is complete with the wiki link for added bacon value . <br> digg is no fair whaaaa :-LRB- <br> <br> :d :d
NEG esstee , <br> <br> read the article . <br> he was n't attacked by his animal . <br> he was attacked by two other chimps at the facility . <br> his chimp was n't even wild ... it was domesticated . <br> <br> there is no moral to this story other than the perseverance of the human spirit .
NEG i went to an all you can eat chinese in leeds uk , they had a section for english people and a section for the chinese , that section had chickens feet and stuff .
NEG huge moral hazard . the more they give you , the bigger the problem will be , as it artificially influences the housing market and encourages bad spending for short term gains and huge long term losses , not only from the buyers , but those who own the properties or intend to invest , particularly in low income housing construction . it will lead to a housing stagflation .
NEG if you look up you 'll find a post of his .
NEG kinseyincanada : yeah so anyone with a cell phone should just throw it away and get the motofone f3 , is that right ?
NEG did anyone else think his voice was off this week ? he said he was sick in the end credits part , but i 'm wondering if it 's just me .
POS holy shit that 's big !!!!
NEG i guess that would encourage more walking and less driving . a similar concept was part of the platform of the freak power ticket that tried to take charge of aspen in the early 1970 's .
NEG i was generalizing , feel free to bury me if you want .
NEG i agree , it 's spam .
NEG shame about the chimp but i 'm a little more sad about the woman who lost her face .
NEG no just some boner that walks on water
POS for the record , those are fungi , not plants . <br> <br> granted , they are sexy fungi .
NEG i have deep concerns . as much as we need speed to fix the policies which authorized the many abuses of civil liberties the decisions need to be tempered with an aim to the future to prevent these abuses from happening again . having said that , the president has made some decisions which are clearly contrary to the goal of restoring all civil liberties , eliminating the poisonous policies and protecting us in the future . <br> <br> i intend to continue to read about his decisions and if they do not show a clear direction toward restoration of our civil liberties very soon i am likely to be marching in the streets with the ` radicals . ' <br> <br> and after reading the testimony of spc. brandon neely and realizing that we still have people who have been in those cages -LRB- see the picture in the following -RRB- for 6 or 7 years every day counts . <br> this is not just a national embarrassment it becomes a crime to which all of us are a party if we do not take steps to urge our elected officials to take action . and to open investigations and prosecutions .
NEG acorn-are you kidding me ? where do you get your news from ? rushycontin ? clownhall?faux news ? acorn gets no money-retard .
NEG the federal government has no legal right to own or restrict the use of land in sovereign states . that is one of the reasons washington d.c. was created .
NEG in general ?
NEG the 50 's and 60 's had the highest percentage of union jobs in american history . it was also when americans as a whole had the highest standard of living and the country was at the height of its prosperity . unions increase wages , which increase consumption , which stimulate production , which increases wealth . you do the math . the reaganomics idea that making people poor somehow benefits the economy ... well , we 've seen how that 's worked out , have n't we ?
NEG that was just a rumor at the time .
NEG i do n't know . maybe we should ask the internet companies why they ca n't keep up with demands for more bandwidth by upgrading our country 's infrastructure since , you know , the government pays them to do it .
NEG 6 = / = 5
NEG a 'd like to rule the world with an iron fist , please .
NEG <br> democrats also supported it ! <br> they are both to blame .
POS great initiative - spread the word ! <br> webdesigners of the world - unite !
NEG ` the assertion that some of the spending in the bill is n't stimulus ' <br> media matters thinks that anytime the government spends money on anything that stimulates the economy . in economics this is called the fallacy of the broken windows . the idea that if a store gets it 's windows broken and has to fix them this stimulates the economy . <br> <br> not true . the storeowner has to spend money , but if not for the broken window he could have spent that money on something else . <br> <br> does media matters believe the government should pay people to dig holes and then fill them in ? imagine how many people that would put to work ? of course , that 's silly . but in the same way , we believe , and fox news explains , that spending on useless projects is not stimulative . <br> <br> government spending projects did n't work in the 30s . did n't work in japan in the 90s . never worked in the now-defunct soviet union . it 's really never worked . and it 's crazy to gamble everything we have on the chance that the very first time in history that it will work would be now .
NEG libs ... always emotional , always race baiting . . an idiot is someone who voted for and signed a bill that nobody even read . . the dems love to bypass the normal procedures to push their liberal agendas by back handed tactics like this or putting activist justices on the bench . they hate to have things -LRB- like the things written into this pork/stimulus bill -RRB- actually go through the proper legislative process so we all would see what is being proposed and debated then voted on . . <br> <br> they insult the constitution and every american ... even if they had to find new people to write the bill , it would be the same bs by the same extreme radical leftost partisan democrats . . too bad . i left the party because of the leftist/marxists who are in charge now ... they all are embarrassments to the party and the country . . sharpton is one of the biggest embarrassment . the american people made a big mistake on election day and maybe now they will be finding out the truth and buyers remorse will set in . .
NEG this is insane . that makes their reviews useless . man , i used to like yelp .
NEG gfe
NEG no it is blind irrational religious hatred . <br> <br> alot of ethnic groups have been kicked around and denied their piece of the pie , but you do n't see cyprots generally in the streets yelling ` death to the turk ' or tibetans ` death to the chinese ' calls .
NEG obviously they do n't know russian and they are trying to make something funny .
NEG at the bottom of the page is an ad for stainless steel water bottles
NEG if only all the ph.d. economists had bothered to check with you before moving forward , everything would be ok . it 's such a shame that you 're on the internet , typing in all caps , instead of at the upper echelons of government , saving the world .
NEG ` when it was movie industry lawyer monique wadsted 's turn , she wasted no time in unexpectedly introducing new evidence . both the defense and the court complained at this point , with wadsted choosing to shout down the judge . ' <br> <br> i love that the industry ca n't seem to lose this trial fast enough . it 's almost like they think that if this goes badly , they 'll get another shot or just move onto the next high profile case . somebody needs to clue these assholes in that this is the superbowl . there is no other game after this . lose this case , and the coffin is nailed shut for good . <br> the whole thing os a joke , i mean tpb 's front page as of yesterday was , ' i iz kingkong ! i can haz torrentz ? ' the sheer amount of ownage this week has been epic !
POS hackers good job but music industry is already getting ***** no need to bleed them more any ways i have to say well done but the timing is wrong ... ... ... .
NEG tanning beds are for morons .
POS i 'd rather drive traffic to this most excellent of blogs . <br> <br> read it at home .
NEG <br> <br> whoooooooooooosh
NEG sounds like someone has a little sand in thier vagina ?
NEG so the enviro whacks and politically correct wannabes in government think that someone is going to sell off a perfectly good vehicle that they own and has payments of $ 0.00 / month so they can go into debt to the tune of $ 20,000 - $ 40000 just to ` save ' on fuel costs and taxes ? once again -LRB- as usual -RRB- the sqeaking wheels are living in their own version of reality . <br> gas isnt going to stay cheap forever . offer the vehicles that get better mileage at a reasonable price , not the price of a split-level home . if need be , subsidise them to keep the $ $ within reason . apply tax cuts to encourage purchases . its amazing how things can happen automatically with honey rather than vinegar . <br> <br>
NEG we 're going to have the 2 party system for many years to come , not much you or i can do about it . <br> <br> i got more money from bush 's tax cuts + stimulus than i will from obama 's $ 13 a week - and i 'm middle class . so i 'll take the republicans over the democrats , financially speaking .
NEG read the article idiot
NEG it 's a compromise . it minimizes the loss , does n't negate it . if the plan was to compensate mortgage companies to for the full amount that they would have made off of the shady loan , we 'd have to set up a few more printing presses to print all the money needed . <br> <br> from my understanding there are many banks & mortgage lenders who would like to renegotiate the terms but are not being allowed to by the holding company that backs up the loan . this program allows the bank or mortgage company to turn the loan completely over to fannie mae & freddie mac for the cost of $ 1,000 . the holding company is the big loser here , but they are the ones who established the rules that got is in this trouble in the first place .
NEG kerrigore is a liar .
POS and i thought my job was bad ! thanks for the refreshing info EMO_HAPPY
NEG deadpan stare .
NEG um , yeah ... were talking about the man behind the mormon gulag : <br>
NEG so does this mean , since i 'm a victim of drunk driving , and my legs are getting worse and worse by the day -LRB- the idiots got a slap on the hand -RRB- , that i can sue the fucking beer companies , for knowingly providing a substance that can kill/injure others ?
NEG some thought that blue ray was going to save the day cause it was better quality -LRB- audio and picture -RRB- but truth is that consumers really do n't care or know about quality but rather prefer convenience . take a look at the music industry . audio cd 's are much better quality than streaming or down loadable -LRB- mp3 files -RRB- still consumers are downloading or ripping songs from itunes and other online sites sacrificing audio quality for portability and on-demand needs . hollywood is not dead . the maker of electronic equipment are . what the people are asking for are tvs with direct online connection and great software interface to download , stream , play , watch , hear and browse anytime any media .
NEG what ? there is absolutely no effort underway anywhere to keep the lower classes from breeding . have you been to a walmart lately ?
NEG google holder 's involvement in the cover-up of the oklahoma city bombing and the related murder of kenneth trentadue . holder is an avowed gun grabber who has publicly stated he believes citizens have no right to own firearms . he is the very picture of a monster .
NEG when will israel allow inspections into its dimona nuke weapons plant ? that 's the only nation that regularly attacks and slaughters its neighbors in that region .
POS with the oil of aphrodite , and the dust of the grand wazoo , <br> you might not believe this little fella , but it 'll cure your asthma too .
NEG yeah , salt is just what i need when i 'm thirsty .
NEG matthew stafford is a poor man 's jamarcus russell . the lions will be terrible if they pick him 1 . take curry or monroe and try to work it out with stanton or culpepper .
NEG i am white and i do n't see attacks on white people . i see our society appropriately attacking racism where and when it exists . <br> <br> ` the democrat party on the other hand , talks down accomplishment , penalizes success and frowns upon independence . just look at the new administration and what is coming out of their mouths . ' <br> <br> oh , you mean a black man raised by a single mother and his grandparents who earned his way through school with hard work , excellent grades , working to help poor people while attending school . achieving more than anyone could have ever expected from a man born without family connections ? yeah , that 's not accomplishment .
NEG actually . . no . ot a valid defense . that is why major sites have lawyers . or you do n't sign .
NEG do n't assume that because you 're publishing the mayor 's email address that he 's going to get all praise . here 's my letter ... <br> <br> you 're getting a lot of publicity for your fox interview about not being ashamed to have great healthcare . but americans are increasingly aware that if you get healthcare at the expense of families like mine with no healthcare , you should be ashamed of yourself . if companies can provide great healthcare to their employees without going under , great . but if they have to get government involved , it becomes just plain theft through taxes , inflation and debt . <br> <br> sincerely , <br> <br> a concerned small business owner
NEG or you could just use the closest intersection , like bethel and king st , 96813 .
NEG it amazes me that content like this is locked to everyone but us users . <br> <br> when you make it this hard to access content legally , no wonder people resort to bittorent and bypass all this localization crap .
NEG oh geeze people -- i ca n't stand the psuedo-half science these hot air fantatics post . they mix cherry-picked datum with ad-hominem attacks to try to anger their opponents off of the debate . <br> <br> you and yours are pathetic , bombula . you know you do n't have any actual fact on your side and so you jump straight to the mud-slinging . please look up ` radiative forcing ' on someplace with a bit of actual credibility beyond wikipedia for posting -- you clearly have no idea how the phenomena works at all .
NEG not really stupid list
NEG again - you do n't quite understand how clinical depression works . <br> it 's not that he was unhappy that his pills were taken from him and decided to kill himself , no . his medication was helping to correct a chemical imbalance in his brain that was causing suicidal thoughts . <br> <br> you could say that because he was at a chemical imbalance that he was n't capable of making decisions ; that he was n't himself . if he were functioning normally -LRB- ie on his meds -RRB- then he would not have made this choice . he made an impared decision - and unlike alcohol he did not choose to be impared . <br> <br> so there . it is tragic that he is dead .
NEG fuck geoblocking !!!!!!!!!!!! <br> <br> edit : also ... riaa/mpaa and all the other proponents of stupid copyright and licencing bullshit on the internets !
NEG > only the market can provide a quality product at a lower price because it is run by people who are in search of a profit <br> <br> actually no . what actually happens is that people who are in search of a profit realise they are better of spending money on advertising , rather than improving the product . <br> <br> ` u.s. pharmaceutical industry spent 24.4 % of the sales dollar on promotion , versus 13.4 % for research and development '
NEG read more stories at check out on how to do it !
POS then in that case this looks like a good improvement ! especially as that hardware will go a lot further on osx than on windows , so it 's a nice little box .
NEG yes , but your dog and cat are domesticated creatures , not wild animals that happen to be three times as strong as a normal human .
NEG dc makes a great cage for monkeybusiness !! <br> it would seem like some kind of bad joke or dream ... wake up ? <br> <br> yes we can / f-it all up.x destroy a once great democratic republic . dem damn nwo republicrats !!
NEG ie has go to the worst web browser i 've ever used . slow , crash prone just blech . i remember first using firefox back when it was 0.7 firebird and back then it smoked ie i switched and never looked back have n't had any issues of compatibility at all for any website i 've visited . ie7 and ie8 are simply playing catch up to things browsers like opera and firefox have had for literally years now . i do n't think i could live without tabbed browsing and i just ca n't see it being worth while for anything other than windows security to even bother going past the stock ie7 install on my vista laptop as firefox was installed the first night i bought it and ie has never ever been used unless absolutely necessary
NEG rick was ok with rewarding all those morons standing around him with government money via the wall street bailout , was n't he ?
NEG all religions seem to be composed of a vast majority that just tries to get through life following a belief structure they find comforting , and of course all religions get knocked by everyone else because a somewhat statistically insignificant portion of their congregation are absolute douche bags who never seem to be more than 8 ' away from a camcorder .
POS that is fucking awesome .
NEG newcastle , uk
NEG too *
NEG so we now have a debate ... who is taking the bets !!!
NEG no wonder we are all so stressed out . information overload .
POS tubatechno : <br> <br> your conclusion is correct , no one in society has any moral authority . therefor no one should be given any opportunity to impose their morality on anyone else , and we should stick to democratic methods of making consensus rules based on morals shared by a plurality . <br> <br> so yes , we absolutely need to go down that road , and continue to follow it .
NEG you 're still trying to categorically lump in-vitro fertilization together with more noble pursuits such as fertility medications . <br> <br> i 'm talking specifically about in-vitro fertilization , not the more benign treatments like fertility drugs . <br> <br> you 're also making an emotional appeal in trying to draw a parallel between the physically disabled , and those who are deliberately determined to procreate at any cost . <br> <br> really , ld , i expected better than that of you .
POS heheh , capitalization courtesy of the shift key ! <br> <br> gaqua - you made me laugh , good to read comments from sensible people once in a while . <br>
NEG '' ` you have to wonder if month one is not a harbinger of things to come . '' ' <br> <br> i always knew what it was : socialism and the loss of the american way .
POS looking about i found some smashing deals . why am i just hearing about this now ?! <br> 2 for 1 hotel ? 2 for 1 rail ? # 1 trains fares ?? <br> is this real ?
NEG in case the squirrel comes in ? i 'd have a hard time trying to get the squirrel out , those lil buggers are devious .
NEG from the catechism of the catholic church section ii paragraph 2358 : <br> <br> ` the number of men and women who have deep-seated homosexual tendencies is not negligible . this inclination , which is objectively disordered , constitutes for most of them a trial . they must be accepted with respect , compassion , and sensitivity . every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided . these persons are called to fulfill god 's will in their lives and , if they are christians , to unite to the sacrifice of the lord 's cross the difficulties they may encounter from their condition . ' <br> <br> you are fully within your rights to disagree with the premise that homosexuality is ` objectively disordered ' -LRB- make sure you know what that means first though -RRB- , but you can not say that the church calls for torture or anything approaching that .
POS right on , docbob . it 's cool to see an obama supporter honest enough to admit they 're scratching their head right now , just as i will be more than glad to admit it if i 'm proven wrong about the guy . i honestly would love to vote democrat for my very first time in 2012 , because it will mean we had a good four years . <br> <br> but here i am , i 'm getting my taxes together and i 'm getting squeezed , i do n't even know how i 'm going to get the money together to pay what i owe because it 's been a tough year and all i can keep thinking of is , we have a tax cheat at the head of the irs . what the hell ??? <br> <br> is this change we can believe in ?
NEG @ musphaq - oh my god
NEG what ? i 'm being buried ? <br> <br> you people probably think the natives got smallpox because they had wussy immune systems , not because a foreign microorganism was introduced that they 've never been exposed to before and therefore had no immunity to . <br> <br> did you kids not get taught how vaccines work ?
NEG fucking horrible , that psycho deserves more then just acid in the eye 's .
NEG fuck kanye
NEG we figured out the auto-bury exists long ago after nothing from socialblade.com would ever hit the front page , several times the domain was submitted to digg and got over 300 diggs and never hit the front page .
NEG the only problem will be the accumulation of roaches . if you 've ever seen roaches that congregate in free standing coffee vending machines , you 'll know what i 'm talking about . on the other hand , that might mean additional protein . i 'm torn .
POS this picture adequately addresses my common requests to ` show me the money ' and ` show me the pussy . ' <br> <br> bravo .
POS funny thing is he is right about most things he talks about !
POS i think it is 10 different kinds of cool . i have been following shaq for weeks , and he is just awesome .
NEG any details on that dka ?
POS we should be ` all ' connected to the sea . great and rich talk , very inspiring .
POS i feel like i dream for hours ... an average dream is of 3 seconds is unbelievable .
NEG did you look into filing charges against the doctor ? if he is n't doing his job , i do n't think he deserves to be licensed .
NEG i really want you to grasp what i 'm trying to say here . i say you ` leach ' off of our healthcare because we 're the only group of people providing the constant breakthroughs in medical technology and treatments . if it were n't for our free market system advancing the system in leaps and bounds , we 'd all be using leaches to cure cancer still . i say you leach off of us because although you obviously have to buy the technology , that does n't help create anything new so you in fact contribute nothing to the system . and if you wo n't accept the widely known fact that the healthcare and quality of treatment for serious diseases is so much more superior in the usa than there 's no point in arguing any further . <br> <br> i said give me examples of government run programs that are n't bested by private sector counterparts . there are n't any . every single example of government run programs that actually have an equivalent private sector alternative always comes in behind that alternative . look at ups and fedex compared to the usps for example .
NEG firearm and ammunition manufacturers in the us are working major overtime to keep up with demand .
NEG 11 pages , seriously ?
POS i totally love this , but ... <br> <br> how the heck is this on the front page ? how many years old is this ? i was watching the dvd of this a few days ago , actually ... <br> <br> still awesome .
NEG there is considerable doubt as to whether or not an actual ` jesus ' ever existed . trying to save jesus from crucifixion would be like trying to save santa claus from crucifixion . face it - jesusneverexisted.com
NEG uhhh . . he 's not really a ` ex-brave ' although he played for the mets 2 years ago he did play for the braves last year ... so i 'd say , great we resign another brave .
POS once again , well said ron paul ! <br> <br> the government are very foolish not to listen to this guy !
NEG except for the fact that the first line in the article said that ` uhbama ' rejected this idea outright . it is individual states looking at it with interest now . <br> <br> you fail .
NEG become a drug dealer .
NEG martha poops $ 500 bills yo
NEG ` the fox newses tells me that you and your wife fist '
NEG and osx and leopard follow a trend ?
NEG yeah ... thankfully . i knew it would n't last long but his site is funny nonetheless .
POS please digg for me friend ! i will always return the favor ...
NEG 25 reasons i hate facebook :
NEG i feel like i 'm missing something here .
NEG religion is for the hopeless , it gives them hope and that 's how it gets people in . thats why in catholic text it says the poor shall inherit the earth . it 's giving them hope for a good afterlife because this life sucks for the majority of poor people -LRB- working hard in lousy conditions for meager pay .
POS oh come on , back off junior , personally i think its time he became more aggressive on the track . nice guys finish last , lol !!! the rest of those drivers , and some of the fans , just sticking it to junior , because they 've been waiting , for the opportunity . simply put , because the fans love him and he is a nice guy , to nice sometimes for his own good ! so i for one , loved it ! bring it on !!!!!!!!!!!!
NEG more misleading software threatens users .
NEG why how very american of you .
NEG fuck the ifpa . -LRB- have to give equal time to the europeans . -RRB-
NEG just what the world needs , another nuclear arms race . thing is , what seems to be complicating matters is that so many countries can claim they are merely developing alternative energy sources because of the dwindling fossil fuel supply . but nuclear is so expensive , and potentially very dangerous -LRB- remember chernobyl and three mile island ? -RRB- . because of the efforts made by big oil over the past 30 years , solar power has never been seriously considered although it certainly deserves to be , along with wind technology . <br> <br> the most worrisome factor in this whole mess is the fear that is being deliberately spread by the media and by the government . we have to stop this war machine , and not just drink the noxious kool-aid being served up on this issue .
POS hahahahaha lol !
NEG @ darkshroud re : ' . . add in a low resource usage av like nod32 ' <br> <br> and that is why you fail . how about installing an os that does n't need an anti-virus product to work properly ?
NEG nice argument surfstang . should i be surprised ? no .
NEG yep ...
NEG <br> <br> he 's probably just a fanboy . in fanboy world , you ca n't talk about the opposing console at all .
NEG how 's life among the amish ? <br>
NEG i dunno if you are talking about obama or osama . i was just playing the fool ayway . note the 711 .
NEG hell no . i tried linux for about a year and now it was pretty cool but i 'm happily using vista now . try running photoshop or ableton live on ubuntu and let me know how that works for you . you ca n't do shit on linux except play first person shooters and check your email .
POS ooh ! shiny ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG actually , people will buy a car from a company in bankruptcy protection if the government or 3rd party issues a guarantee . people will not buy a car from a company that has a very high probability of filing for bankruptcy the next month . because then their warranty is at risk of being wiped by the bankruptcy filing . i 'd rather have the government spend money issuing a guarantee on the cars and then chapter 11 . it is a lot cheaper than fueling all the existing legacy costs .
NEG reversing records and tapes went out of fashion long ago . it 's just mumbo jumbo . this is a childish suggestion and post at the very least . rivals the ` fema death camp ' crap
NEG why so few in the ivy league ?
NEG how about god damned jimmy kimmel ? how is that man employed ? he 's just not funny !
NEG yeah sure , keep drinking the kool-aid
NEG that is a misconception . low attention span is attributed to high intelligence . <br>
NEG am i missing something here ? <br>
NEG the fags were really necessary .
NEG so far he is going about this in the entirely wrong way . throwing away nearly a trillion dollars is no way to start .
POS the thing is , this is great news . our climate is healthier than we thought . leftists , however , will be quite depressed at the news .
NEG full of old people .
NEG now i really feel bad for the thousands of people they recently laid off
NEG then let this news be for her parents , not the whole world .
NEG expensive batteries killed the electric car - not gm . <br> <br> by the way , gm is n't the only company to attempt to build a feasible electric car .
NEG tasteless is as tasteless admires , captain tasteless .
POS i 've had antiwar.com bookmarked for the last few years and have found it an invaluable and informative resource . <br> <br> sure , i 'll make a contribution . EMO_HAPPY <br> <br>
NEG there 's a reason that network is locked , digg .
NEG this story makes me happy and sad at the same time ... <br> <br> <br> ... fuck cancer
POS most touching thing i 've seen in a long time . for children diagnosed with a terminal illness , i 'm sure this lends a much-needed feeling of permanence to their lives .
POS interesting quote miknarf ... i like it
NEG i ca n't help but to laugh . cops use them on anyone ranging from children to elderly people and it 's not a big deal . a cop shoots himself and he goes to the hospital for his wounds and its newsworthy . <br> hah . double standard ? never .
NEG so are macbooks only for the rich ? do you really think it 's a status symbol and that you 're any cooler than us leet pc people ? <br> <br> think again , moron . <br> <br> do n't try to use your macbook as a basis for acting snoobish , noob . grow a pair of balls and get a life .
NEG certificate chains can be > 3
NEG man ... again with the same weed stories on the fp . the potheads have taken over digg . no wonder the site is kinda slow most of the time .
NEG whoosh !
NEG no worries , just log on to your neighbors wifi with a spoofed mac to do illegal things online . when your done , delete the spoofed mac . even if the cops check the log they cant trace the mac back to you assuming you do n't go to any sites that require you to logon .
NEG some of the links above mention that it 's in a reservoir . <br> -LRB- first link in the first comment of the thread by vroom101 -RRB-
NEG right , in history , most women became pregnant before 13 .
NEG pics or it did n't happen
NEG i think it 's time to overhaul yahoo 's website
NEG this is sicko !
NEG you meant c & h.
NEG but keep calling calling calling ok
NEG he is correct about the vicious cycle that ends up , by design i will add , only marginalizing people . these types of systems and ` society ' as whole can not last for very long .
POS great quote from notting hill . patrick norton posted the post from one of the guys on twitter . i should have submitted to digg .
NEG someone had to bring bush into it
NEG sounds like a job for raymond kurzweil .
POS wow . how are people that accurate with the sniper rifle ?
NEG well , i guess nothings changed there .
POS woot woot i wan na see brad pitt again !!! <br> <br> i love you brad !!!! <br> <br> > 333 <br> :-RRB-
NEG i think i 'd feel like i 'd won double-time if i beat someone in-game and caused them to get mad enough to have to pay to software to kick me off the xbox for a few hours . . <br> <br> not like i ca n't go watch a movie , play another console , play single player , go outside , read a book , go out with friends , or more . .
NEG i need your help keeping this link alive , those that fought and died for our country are being forgotten by those that started the war . please please please help me by giving names of those loved ones that you know of that died in iraq and afganistan . <br> thank you !
NEG well i guess if the whole world stands up & gets pissed us fat americans might have to also or look even more pathetic than we already do atm .
POS those zombies had come to love what they had become .
POS and cheap enough to use their lunch money .
NEG do it . prove that you 're hardcore .
NEG i have n't
NEG the worlds great problems , can all be traced to someone making a lot of money selling them weapons , or working with their leaders to steal their resources -LRB- i 'm thinking of you world bank -RRB- . <br> <br> <br> a i 'm tellin ' wolfowitz !!
NEG the i stands of its a ds idiot , same thing we 've been selling for years , but now with a sh * tty camera . enjoy wasting your money again .
NEG i did , thank god america did n't choose a racist greedy old neo-confederate .
NEG i doubt there will be another strike . the basis for the original strike was a provision in writer 's contracts for royalties gained by digital distribution , including dvd sales percentages -LRB- which they found to be too low and were an antiquated measurement based on antiquated production costs of vhs tapes -RRB- as well as internet streaming and other distribution channels . <br> <br> writers were the main cause of the strike since a great deal of their money seems to come from royalties . larry david addressed this briefly in a curb your enthusiasm episode where someone asks him about seinfeld . <br> writers_guild_of for more information .
NEG this was on an episode of ` all in the family ' where archie complains to mike that he put the toilet paper on backwards . so now in some weird subconscious way every time i wipe my butt i think of archie bunker .
NEG imho : a huge part of the equation of the housing market crash that everyone seems to be ignoring is that the builders ` all ' seem to be building these ` mcmansions ' that 95 % of the people ca n't really afford .
POS this is on of the fatest growing engineering editorial site . tekhpoynt.com is here is to help engineering <br> aficionado .
NEG 5 nominees for best actor ... <br> <br> 1 pit with razor sharp spikes & tigers ... <br> <br> chuck em in the pit & make em fight for the prize . <br> <br> whomever gets out of the pit surely deserves to be hailed as ` best actor ' .
NEG this is stupid as shit . who cares that someone can play a song on a virtual keyboard , not to mention , probably the most basic shit out there next to marry had a little lamb . if he busted out some mozart or beethoven i 'd give him props , but this is nothing impressive . buried .
NEG snakes are not like dogs . as long as they keep the snake fed , all should be right . however , the first time that snake is hungry and the parents are out running errands . oh boy . in the belly of a snake , that is .
NEG going to the original composite photo , i think it would have worked better if they had made a 2d array of the undistorted photos rather than squeezing them horizontally for the article . the images , or at least some of them , would have still looked ` vase-like ' .
NEG <br> <br> market adjustments to home prices is fine and works for just about every commodity out there . complete crashing , like what we 've seen in detroit , is not a good thing and i do n't mind the government working to make that not happen . i know two people who foolishly got adjustable rate mortgages and now ca n't afford them at their higher rates . numbers would obviously have to be run , but to me it makes more sense to readjust these people 's mortgages to fixed rate than to have people , who could pay a lower fixed rate , default on their loans . for those who simply bit off more than they could chew -LRB- e.g. making $ 50k a year , yet got a $ 500k loan -RRB- , let them sink or swim on their own .
NEG fl is stupid , why the fuck do we live here !!!???
POS only a billion ? why do i feel that 's a low estimate ? subsidies for growing farms aside , i still think it would easily surpass $ 1 billion . even so , this is great news , and am glad that california can take this step in bringing attention to one simple fact : marijuana is virtually harmless .
POS and yet another reason to use foxit reader .
NEG sweet beard
NEG i think you mention for people to get ready for katrina squared -LRB- that 's katrina ^ 2 or ` katrina times katrina ' -RRB- . but i say it might be katrina plex -LRB- that 's katrina ^ katrina or ` katrina times katrina katrina times ' -RRB- .
NEG reality comes crashing home sooner than you think . in 2 months this will have a new story - for now , still laid off , and desperately need work 10 levels below my last paygrade , please please please get me a job with mcdonalds etc. <br> <br> that story however wo n't make news .
NEG ` space is big . really mind-bogglingly-big . you would n't believe just how big it really is . ' -LRB- and so forth and so on -RRB-
POS have you seen that serendipitous episode of ` extras ' where kate winslet says ` you win an oscar if you do a holocaust movie ' ? like , it was hilariously on cue for this year 's awards . so amazingly accurate .
NEG oh man , that 's bad .
NEG and what the fuck is thet 150lbs go to do without at least a 5gw power source ? <br> <br> its not like you can shove a fusion reactor up his ass .
NEG whether you like file sharing or not , this is the begining of full internet regulation . <br> <br> on internet 2 , you do n't have a website , the isps let you rent a page on theirs , as long as you behave .
POS you betcha !
NEG ridiculous review ! while reviewer acknowledges the worst parts -LRB- namely kids being blinded and maimed and then forced to beg -RRB- it then connects the movie to some obscure social issue of the moment in indian society . i know that street kid can not win a millionaire game show , just like i know that forest gump can not be a successful athlete , businessman and a war hero . it 's just a movie for god 's sake
NEG unfortunately the ego of us indians is bigger than our desire to fix our s @ t. this hoopla by some indians is because they do n't want their dirty laundry displayed in public . i 've driven through these slums in mumbai and i can assure you they are incredibly miserable enough to make a grown man cry . there is nothing desirable , artsy , cultural , or eclectic about them . <br> <br> / indian
POS haha nice
NEG if the news industry receives a bailout and is beholden to the government , then it is n't a news anymore . the power of the purse concept it exactly why the founding fathers did not allow government to tax newspapers . if they can not adapt , they have to die . i do n't want them too , but this country has to stop practicing reverse darwinism -- the practice of sparing the weak by killing the strong .
NEG you 're giving away my rib recipe !
NEG now is the best time to get this bill through ... cali struggling with the $ $ $
NEG i think the address range of ipv4 is the least of our problems . that can be solved by moving to ipv6 . <br> the bigger problem is going to be domain name lookup -LRB- dns -RRB- and having a human readable name for all those addresses . already the word-like combinations for domains are pretty much exhausted and strange words appear -LRB- eg . digg.com -RRB- . <br> assume every device has a unique ipv6 address on the internet . how are you going to remember the address of your home computer for example . it will be something like 2df8 :3 ebc :7 c6a : b82c :6 eb3 :276 d :75 a4 :3 d2c when most people are lucky to remember their home phone number . mypc.streetaddress.mytown.com would be memorable and unique , but who wants to give away that information on the net . <br> dns is global , so lookups based on ` unique ' factors like your name wo n't work . there 's most likely a thousand other who shares the same name as you . the internet is going to need a better directory service ! <br> <br>
NEG i believe i discovered this after failing a midterm due to facebook distraction last year .
NEG ` hey ! you big meanie !! '
NEG i have n't read the f ` ing article but that 's probably why it was raffled instead of sold . oh the taxes are going to kill them . and in maine if you own a home for less than two years and sell it , the state takes a hefty sum in taxes .
POS i am on fire , yet i dance ! it is carnival !
NEG then take a nap , then fire zee missiles !
NEG i see what you did there ... unfortunately .
NEG credit card companies need to get away from the static number system and either implement a electronic hardware one time password system or a non electronic passwindow one time password system . it undermines the biggest payment method funding the net .
NEG actually i do have an obscure association with television : where in the world is carmen sandiego ? just not in bollywood or sadly hollywood ...
POS ` it can also rotate it 's eyes to avoid predators . or to avoid being captured by scientists . ' lol ...
NEG it was for a second , now it 's gone again ... noooooo !
NEG yea the longest running beta in the greek alphabet . <br>
POS i demand an n-tier approach to my beer distribution ! <br> <br> bll is , of course , the beer lovelyness layer . and dal ? the dark ales layer .
POS i once saw a forklift lift a crate of forks , i could n't watch , it was too damn literal
NEG honestly the colts do n't need him . manning can probably throw the ball to anyone . besides gonzalez and wayne , do n't forget the colts have dallas clark , who caught some ridiculous passes in traffic this season . <br> <br> what the colts really need is to sign an every-down running back , addai/rhodes just has n't been cutting it this season and if they can establish their running game , manning and his receivers would have a much easier time moving down the field with their passing game ; easier than having another solid receiver ironically .
NEG vegas sucks . all the strippers have kids and are on meth . jobs dont pay shit . its hot as hell . nothing to do except gamble , catch stds from the strippers who live next door or go boating on lake mead which is about to dry up . <br> <br> seriously , i moved to vegas a few years back because of the lower cost of living . i moved in december and had to move back to los angeles by june . think about that , vegas was so crazy , the people so fucked up that i had to move to los angeles to be around normal people again ! <br> <br> vegas is nothing but a pipe dream . she will always leave you broke and wanting to go back to where you came from .
NEG can we get a before and after shot ?
NEG woh , i bet he had some seriously bad cases of the munchies .
NEG buried for silverlight mvc patterns website on the 1st tab .
NEG i was under the impression the games brough a revenue stream with them .
NEG this is a story about a web browser , which opens the door to comments about rival web browsers .
NEG yessss !!!
NEG canada needs an apostrophe tax
NEG just downloaded and testing it . its really fast but the interface is a rip off of chrome and opera . and its ported better on windows compared to safari 3 which was a pos . finally in this version during installation process you can check whether you need bonjour , apple updater etc
NEG : no , webkit is a browser too . it has its own executable .
NEG not going to lie the shirt was probably the 1 reason i started following her .
NEG the forehead is n't big enough <br>
NEG now we just need some freakin lasers on our heads !
NEG arent flow charts supposed to flow down ?
NEG i 'm waiting on the chinese hybrid . it comes with a little red book manual in the glove box and a dead dissident in the trunk . but hey , it will get 100mpg so we will forget about the minor annoyances .
NEG or hockey !
NEG the dollar is not in the equation . i realize that dollars/pounds/yen are just pieces of paper whose values can be bubbles or -LRB- like the american dollar probably soon will -RRB- rapidly devalue . <br> <br> gold/silver are like currency in many ways though . they do have the advantage that , since it is difficult to print gold the market is n't likely to get flooded with gold - but many minerals and stones share this characteristic.what makes gold so special ? it 's all in our heads - just like every other bubble . <br> <br> land is even more difficult to print than gold . it grows more scarce with increases in population . houses often come with land and represent a significant amount of labor . if one owns a home with a value of ` x ' they will enjoy far more benifits than a person who owns a sum of gold with an equal value . the housing bubble was dumb but not as dumb as the gold bubble . <br> <br> i 'm not saying buying gold is necessarily stupid - you can get very rich off of bubbles as many did with housing - just be aware that they pop . <br> <br> also wealth is destroyed . depreciation , vandalism , consumption -LRB- eg . food -RRB- , and reduction in number of services provided all destroy wealth . i believe what you are getting at is that wealth does n't instantly evaporate unless icbms are launched . it is important to be aware that these factors do erase wealth because as a recession or depression wears on they will force some gold owners to cash in their investment to replace other assets . this will cause gold to start consistently losing value . this will cause a loss of confidence in the bubble - then it will pop .
NEG burried : inaccurate
NEG that is simply impossible mweather . <br> sorry to tell you this , but that shit you so love to buy will disappear after legalization ... you will be stuck buying the high quality weed , cheaper than the high quality costs now . oh what a shame . =p <br> <br> good luck finding any dealers willing to compete with legal business by selling shit . <br> just grow your own if you do n't like the tax . you do have that option .
NEG where are you from ? i 'm just trying to get an idea of what states are for and against hybrids . <br> <br> also , you seem to have completely missed the point of hybrids all together
NEG 3 words <br> <br> ` this is bollocks ' .
NEG that is what happens if they do too much i386 asm and windows hacks in fact .
NEG this was not awkward in the least bit . for those diggers that are obviously confused : <br> <br> the only part that was awkward for me was watching mccain bumble his way through that long winded question . good freakin lord , it 's like getting stuck talking to a walmart greeter ! that said , i 'd be like that too if i knew i were being recorded o_0
NEG are you twelve ? i doubt you even have a cell phone , judging by your sentence structure and facepalm-inducing comments about verizon .
NEG i was for sure someone in the kkk would have done something , i 'm not racist , im just not that crazy but im working on it .
NEG how about we begin the war on the police . can not win but we lose all of the wars anyway . america looses all of the wars it starts . damn the police suck !!!!
NEG they banned it due to the presence of the imaginary global liberation front conducting terrorist activities in china .
NEG it sounds like in ms krause 's case they wo n't make any money . maybe they thought it would be a big bust and worth the money . i dunno . <br> <br> in a drug bust , the property of the one busted , or unclaimed property found at the site , or even the land itself , can be forfeit . it depends on a million things , but the basics are if there 's a criminal conviction in drugs , then it opens up the money game . this may only be with felonies , which may go toward ms. krause 's words about the sheriff expecting 500 plants instead of her 24 . <br> <br> anyway , assuming many things : <br> * bust somebody and later there 's a conviction <br> * the county then sues the -LRB- new -RRB- felon in civil court using the criminal conviction as evidence <br> * based on that evidence , the county gets the land , the car found there , etc. <br> <br> it 's very big money . while drug cases have special provisions to make it easier for the government to get the goods , it can also apply to other crimes . such as if somebody robs a bank , the county can sue to get the car that was used in the crime . otherwise , the car would -LRB- should -RRB- be returned after the case is over , even if the person is convicted . <br> <br> for drug cases , many times law enforcement is able to find a boatload of cash . not for ms krause 's 24 plants , but if they find a briefcase full of money , the county sues , gets the cash , and then they buy more ambulances , firetrucks , police cars , oak desks for the city counsel , etc. <br>
NEG douche .
NEG yes , it 's even funnier when you completely misinterpret it . do you honestly think what you said is the truth ? the content is copywritten , not the format the content is stored in . <br> <br> if i own the copyright to ` x ' which by default comes in format ` a ' and you take ` x ' and distribute in formats ` b ' , ` c ' and 'd ' i still own the copyright . <br> <br> your misguided interpretation would essentially mean all copyright law can be removed simply by continually changing the packaging , which it can not . <br> <br> whats really funny is the two other idiots who dugg you up thinking you know what your talking about . <br> <br> / / ianal , bidgtls
POS if you had xkcd in the title you will get more diggs
POS haha you made my day
NEG cal-b <br> <br> <br> * cal-bad *
POS i think it 's really awesoome .
POS resin dogs featuring n ` fa along with phrase and alexx the kidd will rock melbourne zoo this week for the final installment of roar sounds .
NEG you can have them back but we converted them to buries . you may have accrued interest .
NEG this is irresponsible . people suffer from serious psychological illnesses and you 're telling them to take some bullshit herbs ? when this does n't work and they kill themselves i 'm sure the author will feel great about themselves . i 'm sure it 's fun to be apart of the whole new age movement , but ignoring real problems so that you can avoid those evil pills and that evil therapy for people who have real mental conditions so that you 're nonconformist is wrong . <br> <br> there 's a difference between feeling blue and unipolar depression .
NEG i 'll believe it when i see it . <br> <br> and no fair if you move them to another country , or change the name of the country , or any other bull .
NEG sorry i do n't fall into digg 's ` weed is the number one cureall ! ' . <br> <br> i 'm all for the legalization of weed , and perhaps passing it off as a medicine is a good way to make it more acceptable for the mainstream , but really now , do you think it 's a good idea to give cannabis to patients who could easily become depressed , depersonalized , or psychotic just to prove a point ? why do this when we already have many drugs that work great in conjunction with therapy ?
NEG how do they go the other way ? cant zipline uphill . <br> <br> unless youre on some pure colombiano whiteness
NEG slumdog millionaire soundtrack is the most bought out album of 2009 with no competition . they all sound like same romance and rich .
NEG laugh out loud at the obama supporters who are now justifying war because they can repeat the mantra that it 's ok to increase the fighting in afghanistan because that 's who attacked us . sheesh ... you 're being played people . war is profit . you just elected someone who will keep the war machine running .
NEG i do n't believe in politics
POS peaches is great . my friend and i listened to all of teaches last night .
NEG steve jobs will eat your soul with his goatee .
POS magnificent !
NEG ` last week i asked him if he thought it was annoying having to use the actual click-button to click everything rather than tapping the touch-pad . ' <br> <br> system preferences - > trackpad - > check the ` clicking ' box under ` gestures ' <br> <br> or , on the new ones , you check ` tap to click '
POS i 'm goin ' on safari , motherf *** er . sahfaaari !! <br> <br> one of my all time favorites
NEG it 's funny because there are n't .
NEG congratulations . that 's the most stupid thing i 've heard all day
NEG radio this morning was saying that the ` oh god ' was coming from chris matthews .
NEG why would you want to compile a program on a phone ? the developer cross-compiles it on his computer and distributes a binary . since it will be an uniform software platform , there will be no need to compile locally in any way . this has worked for ages on ce devices such as the gp2x , nokia 770/n800/n810 , pandora , android , limo phones , etc. <br> <br> just because you can compile if you want does n't mean you have to . case in point : you can compile firefox on your windows pc . how many people actually do that ?
NEG that 's already pretty clear . if you 're a membership of the gop leadership , then what 's important is promoting the ` right ' ideology , not trying to keep americans from starving to death .
NEG ahh but their argument is that it did n't . <br> <br> you should have went out and bought all their overpriced commercial bullshit too . why do n't you own the dvd , the posters , the special features , the toys , the socks , the soundtrack ? <br> <br> they just need to accept that nobody wants that crap anymore . they are pitching a product nobodies interested in , that 's why they are losing money .
POS i lold
POS great post , i am definitely going to try this when our baby comes !
NEG hey , that shit is n't music !
NEG i could n't decide whether or not her accent was attractive or annoying . what 's the general consensus ?
POS yes , it 's really cool
NEG lolwat <br> <br> dammit steger beat me to it
NEG yeah , just like a socialist to decide what their employees can do with government property .
NEG and pills .
NEG why wait all this time ? i bet if it was n't for the internet he would not have help these kids . he makes 70million pounds and only spends 20grand each . this makes him a scumbag because it had to take a public outcry for him to do anything . sad person . and hes using them by making it public that hes helping them .
POS you should try listening to her music . start with vespertine and go from there .
NEG darwin !!
NEG is that a darth vader statue in the foreground ??
NEG still gives us a lot of time since they are very far away and gravity travels at the speed of light and is subject to the inverse quare law . we only need worry about our own black holes .
NEG no , americans did n't you fucktard . ford applied the assembly line to the car and mass-produced it . karl benz invented it years before ford even touched a damn car .
NEG how many of you immediately entered 46368  365 = ?
NEG what do doctors wear ?
NEG ` try and find aggressive file-sharers that are uploading gross quantities of copyrighted material , ... ' ... ' <br> <br> be careful . <br> <br> there is a large quantity of copyrighted works that are shared legally . <br> <br> it is n't status of the work , but permissions that matter .
NEG i think i just blue myself over this .
NEG it 's a well known fact you ca n't take pictures of many government buildings , in many countries including the united states . and second , as previously stated , the federal reserve is a private corporation . but things get tricky with its involvement with the government . so let me explain , in particular with the federal reserve police : <br> <br> federal reserve police are federal law enforcement officers to protect and safeguard the premises , grounds , property , personnel , including members of the board , of the board , or any federal reserve bank , and operations conducted by or on behalf of the board or a reserve bank . <br> <br> so yes , federal reserve police are federal officers and have the rights as such . do n't believe me ? check out united states code title 12 chapter 3 part ii section 248 -LRB- q -RRB-
NEG qwest was the only company to say ` fuck off ' to the illegal wiretapping of americans . gee wonder why he was pursued .
NEG i see you are practicing the most well practiced freedom in america : the freedom to do nothing and bitch .
NEG obama has nothing to do with this . just like bush had nothing to do with it .
NEG i 've waited long enough . i 'm buying a fucking sham wow right now .
NEG i think legalizing coke would indeed be taking it one step too far . it 's just too addictive , it destroys lives . <br> still , legalizing weed would certainly take a huge chunk out of their profits .
POS very sleek .
NEG i did not realize that your dumb , terrible sense of humor was shared by everyone ! guess i was just laughing at the show because it 's trendy !
NEG murder involves a victim , drug use does n't . drug use is a consensual crime
NEG > -- jealous .
NEG dey wana wanga ?
POS you win .
NEG if you 've spent more than 5 seconds on xbox live you know that it 's a cross between 4chan and a neo-nazi site . who gives a shit what those clowns think . <br> <br> more than likely the only reason she was banned was because microsoft tends to blindly ban people who get 5 + complaints against them for anything ... hell they could say she was cheating and get her banned ... not like they 'd check ... <br>
POS ... and for the record , im bisexual
NEG they should ban themselves , because xbox is gay
NEG rush certainly did n't start the messiuh stuff . obama 's supporter did in the way they treat him and it perpetuates to this day .
NEG i 'd hardly call $ 360,000 ` cheap . '
NEG i feel bad for the poor saps that work in the malls and shops that have to put up with that b.s.
NEG well-that was two days ago , now obama is at about 80 % . do n't think bush made it there until 9-11 . do n't forget last night on the monitor obama actually was scoring better with republicans than the democrats . so dream on-chicky 's .
NEG do n't you find it ironic how sometimes the best changes occur during crisis ? if the depression never happened , we may not have social security .
NEG imagine if katie couric was black .
NEG i do n't even know what we 're talking about but i can hear it
NEG does hay count ?
NEG uh , so what about mark texiera who signed the biggest offseason contract with the yanks for 8 years/180mil ? <br> <br> did i miss something in the article ?
NEG it 's not spam , what they 're talking about -LRB- except for the articles that take partisan jabs which i do n't digg -RRB- is quite important in regards to civil liberties .
POS what a great introduction , finally someone said what 's needed to be understood by everyone . dugg .
POS this is a better view
NEG agreed ! <br> <br> these libtards think that because bush got his bailout -LRB- which i was against -RRB- then obama gets one too ! <br> <br> its like a fat kid crying for ice cream because the other fat kid got some . <br> <br> but its unhealthy for both of them !!! <br> <br> kindergarten logic !
NEG yeah . it really makes you think . it makes you think that you dont think .
NEG that 's some mighty good detective work ! somebody get niconiconico a gold star . <br> <br> update : you are an idiot . <br> <br> thanks dick .
NEG so what if a republican get a bit of stick from the press over a deliberate misinterpretation of what he said ? <br> <br> fox news has been doing that to democrats for the last 9 years . karma .
NEG threesome ? <br> bestiality ? <br> redeye ? <br> straps/harness ? <br> cute fuzzy pets ? <br> diversity ? <br> rugburn ? <br> voyeur in background ? <br>
NEG it was at the agm . considering they are already being investigated about potentially not disclosing enough information , i doubt they would lie at the agm .
NEG sorry , but this is just fucking wrong ! <br> <br> whether i hate or love microsoft , this is just not on , and i would say the same if it was nintendo , sony or even god -LRB- although tbh , god probs thinks lesbians are n't though lol -RRB-
NEG see fungie5 's response for some of the reason they do n't do this . basically the shuttle parachute works because it only has to safely slow the plane from a pretty slow speed that is just above the minimum speed the shuttle can ` fly ' at . it only has to work in one orientation to the horizon -LRB- horizontal nose forward -RRB- . and the shuttle frame is built like a mac truck compared to an airplane that is built like a bird . there is only one place the frame of an airplane could possibly withstand the forces generated by a parachute deployment , and that is at the root of the wings on the spar . not an ideal placement for a parachute .
NEG as sick as it sounds , it would be a job and she would be better able to provide for her kids . she has some major mental problems , but hey at least it is not tax payers money .
POS now that 's comedy .
NEG no problem with hearing it :d <br> 16 years old
NEG it 's one thing to copy minor or common features not available for macintosh browsers . i 'm fine with that . <br> <br> the problem is when apple rips off a feature and pretends they are the ones who thought of it in the first place . on the feature list , they claim they are the first browser to pass acid3 compliance . no , they are using the webkit engine which passed on the same day that opera 's engine passed as well . they say they are the first browser able to integrate with rss feeds . actually , opera and firefox both have been utilizing rss technology long before safari implemented that feature . <br> <br> those are only several examples of their hubris but there 's about a dozen more of these white lies spread throughout their marketing . i 'm ok with feature copying as a form of flattery , but apple has a bad habit of misrepresenting the facts to make it look like they were the innnovators when in actuality they are just pissing on the shoulders of giants .
NEG sorry about the pic , the editor didnt find an iranian facebook user over afp and then choose one from jakarta ! <br> so you may know iranain females -LRB- who most of the hate obligatory hijab -RRB- dont wear such ugly , black hijab in public !
NEG how is this a witch hunt ? it 's not a witch hunt to investigate criminal activity we know occurred . even bush and cheney have admitted to torturing prisoners . so where 's the witch hunt , republithug ?
NEG leukodermia for all !
NEG let six hundred thousand tonnes of flowers of sulphur bloom !
NEG what 's your point my mid range rig would n't break a sweat trying to render it . <br> 4850 <br> athlon x2 .5 <br> 4 gb <br> vista 64
POS if you 'd include the stripper pole to go with that lap top you 'd probably stand a chance of getting the money since you 'd be creating jobs by hiring strippers . <br> / s
NEG i do n't know what you 're talking about . his example is so widespread , it might as well be considered standard industry practice .
NEG i think my head just exploded . karl rove , karl rove , is accusing someone else of twisting the truth to further a political agenda .
NEG see ? you just added ` decent story ' into the mix . that , imo , is critical for a game to get a high score . great graphics can only take things so far . after a while you get tired of watching the same actions happening over and over again . the story is what keeps you coming back to finish the game .
NEG good idea , yes , but how would you stop people from coming and not paying in the long run , without affecting your budget ? maybe 5-10 % will overpay - the rest will underpay . i wish them luck anyway .
NEG i 'd like to know what is racist about having black people in africa .
NEG arrested development was one of the worst shows that i have seen in the last few years . even if the simpsons are n't as good as they once were , they still are more fun than watching arrested development .
POS i like money .
NEG do you even know what true racism is ? how is watermelons racist , it 's not it 's a stereotype . . there is a huge difference .
POS yeah , snoopy in the nite owl costume would have been classic too . since he likes to fly as the red baron and loves those aviator goggles . EMO_HAPPY
POS got ta love how putting this guy on the stand blew up in the industry 's face . and he 's content producer himself . he also speaks the truth : i 've discovered more bands , listened to more music , bought more music and merch and tickets thanks to free downloading .
POS i swear , and ` award winning architechts '
NEG this sheik is from the middle-east , no ? oil is the largest export from that area , but oil is threatened by alternative fuels . i think this sheik is condemning the use of ethanol in order to keep demand for oil , his nation 's source of wealth , strong . his statement about alcohol is an excuse .
NEG ask david vitter .
NEG how could anyone bury a name like ` mrcoolerthanyou ' ?
NEG what part does n't make sense ? i do have some microbiology classes under my belt do you ? <br> <br> bacteria of all sorts are not good for you in certain doses . good bacteria can run a muck and cause disease too . we call them good bacteria because they are naturally part of the fauna of our bodies and in normal numbers they contributes to our health . when their numbers are too great they cause disease . whole milk spoils as well . <br> <br> outside of the environment they are acclimatized to -LRB- adapted to -RRB- the bovine body those bacteria will likely not do as well giving room for other bacteria to grow . many bacteria will be introduced at all levels of industrial handling and if those bacteria grow faster than the natural bovine fauna then you get dangerous whole milk . part of the reason why pasteurization was mandated int he first place was the rampant cases of food poisoning due to bacteria introduced into the milk and which did better than the ones already in the milk . <br> <br> think of yeast infections . yeast is a natural part of the fauna of human female genitalia but when there is a sudden shift in numbers or a ph shift which kills the yeast you can get an infection of either an over abundance of natural yeast or different strains of yeast . <br> <br>
NEG fine , then stay away from us .
NEG sorry fag , people not getting shot up takes precedent over your robocop fantasy target practice . additionally , you 're a prick if you are using anything more than a single shot to take down an animal .
POS ` wow , that one does n't look like my sister 's '
NEG cell sites do n't link together across the country or world . some data will be transferred through a satellite if needed , they 'll just try to to route the data the most efficient way possible .
NEG fortunately for us it 's not 1929 and there is no comparison . banking is totally different , laws are different , what drives the economy is different , stop living in the past !
NEG peter griffin loves the neverending story . yeah !!!!
NEG marijuana sideswiped my car while i was getting a burrito and did n't leave a note .
NEG i knew it ... old country buffet is a socialist front .
POS <br> <br> even if the host went away , it 's as easy as just doing an export import .
NEG maybe he has a girlfriend ?
POS i like it .
NEG it 's sad to think a bad economy may finally legalize a resource that can save us in so many industries . there have been several recent documentaries that have law enforcement officials admitting they are losing ` the war on weed ' even billions continued to be spent on this failed effort . maybe we should stop looking down on a natural herb that goes from mother nature and start looking up to how legalization can help the hungry , sick and homeless - not to mention our overall economic situation . a sustainable america is possible if the federal government would allow it . come on president obama , do whats right for america , this is one law we ca n't afford to keep on the books . have a grateful day and organic life . angie . com
NEG ` as fun as it could be i do n't really have the heart to point out all the holes in this . ' <br> <br> mmm ... better get the mythbusters on to this .
NEG really ? i still ca n't buy a normal one of these -LRB- not the semi-auto sport rifles they sell in any gun store i mean the real deal -RRB- <br> hint 1986 ` machine gun ' ban
NEG too bad there are raids going down still . <br> <br> which reminds me i need to head down to the cannabis club to get my medicine right now ...
NEG i had the same experience , i also declined a second round . yeah it came back after a few months when it was done , less severe but it 's still there . i hear so many happily ever after stories about accutane that i sometimes wonder if i 'm the only one where it was effective for a short amount of time . <br> <br> i 'll never use that stuff again in my life , i 've never felt so tired , so weird , so messed up and so sore all over my whole life .
POS for top of the line mp4 support you can check <br> of course x264 and xvid stuff media filters must exist too .
NEG i never thought that i would be agreeing with a psychiatrist . my personal opinion is that most of them are doctors of pseudo science .
NEG terrorism is complete bullshit ... ?
NEG these blast points are too accurate for sand people ... wait what are we talking about ?
NEG what the hell , they confiscated her earnings ? talk about getting fucked ...
NEG yeah , ivenoml 's comment went a bit far ... sjbdallas ' kinda ... ` fits ' : p
NEG it really is hypocrisy . the republican party , the party of large deficits , bitching & whining about spending . maybe the amount of stimulus spending is to excessive but the republicans are n't the ones to be putting down the hammer . it just looks dumb . i hate saying this but the democrats ' do nothingness ' the last eight years plus giving bush enough rope to hang himself has given them firm control . maybe the republicans can learn from that . stop bitching about things you had no problem with two months ago !!!!! this is your penance for not standing up to the last president who is guilty of everything you supposedly oppose .
NEG the thing you have left out of your analysis is the criminal behavior being engaged in by hedge funds . they have worked in cahoots with the analyst firms and even financial journalists to destroy public companies for gain . since the removal of the uptick rule in 2007 , short sellers have run rampant in the market . they took down a perfectly healthy bear stearns in a couple of days , for example , which would have been impossible with the uptick rule in place . you may think this is a conspiracy article , but it was written by a former treasury secretary : <br> <br> personally i 'm getting out of the stock market completely until they reinstate this rule .
NEG is this a trailer for the next fast and furious movie ? <br> <br> ps . i also feel like im watchin the intro from bobby 's world
NEG unfortunately , most people today would see the imagery of the shadows and think , ' i just saw that on battlestar galactica ! ' instead .
NEG lol ...
NEG fuck you faggot enjoy your aids
POS i wish i could digg it twice !
NEG notice how all of the articles about climate change facts get posted under ` science ' , while the denier crap get 's posted under ` opinion . ' <br> <br> pretty much says it all right there .
NEG they should make him wear a dog colar monitor instead of an ankle monitor
NEG amen to that , chode . the new location downtown is pretty nice , too . though i find myself going to the egg & i in foshey , as well . <br> <br> did you see al 's breakfast in dinkytown was on the list , too ? i did n't see the mention of having to wait in line forever because the place only seats 10 people . .
NEG i 'm seriously thinking about starting a collection and file a class action against the members in congress , or somebody challenging the constitutionality of the fed reserve . i figure with the amount of time and the right publicity and get people educated on the facts we can really change it .
NEG but its got ta be a jewel encrusted pink collar .
POS ` congress needs to craft innovative legislation that makes health care more affordable without raising taxes or increasing the deficit . it also needs to repeal bad laws that keep health care costs higher than necessary . ' ` we should remember that hmos did not arise because of free-market demand , but rather because of government mandates . the hmo act of 1973 requires all but the smallest employers to offer their employees hmo coverage , and the tax code allows businesses -- but not individuals -- to deduct the cost of health insurance premiums . the result is the illogical coupling of employment and health insurance , which often leaves the unemployed without needed catastrophic coverage . ' ` while many in congress are happy to criticize hmos today , the public never hears how the present system was imposed upon the american people by federal law . as usual , government intervention in the private market failed to deliver the promised benefits and caused unintended consequences , but congress never blames itself for the problems created by bad laws . instead , we are told more government -- in the form of `` universal coverage '' -- is the answer . but government already is involved in roughly two-thirds of all health care spending , through medicare , medicaid , and other programs . ' ` the following are bills congress should pass to reduce health care costs and leave more money in the pockets of families : '
NEG although it seems morally wrong to cite an injured person of am accident , both parties are at fault . <br> <br> it 's not fair to blame the police , especially since most police departments require citations be written for injury accidents . <br> <br> besides , it 's not like the court wo n't drop those charges against him
NEG hmm , dunno how this got submitted when i dugg the original story ...
POS lots of help on this site
NEG fta : ' a 15-year-old schoolgirl in northeast england earned about  # 14,000 -LRB- $ a30 ,641 -RRB- over two months by working as a prostitute . ... police officers who searched her home found more than # 8000 stashed in the attic in november last year . the girl , who can not be named because she is a minor , is thought to have netted around # 1700 pounds every weekend . ' <br> <br> this confirms my theory that pedobears are the rulers of the world and can pay any sum of money to satisfy their twisted sexual desires .
NEG science once again ignored by the mainstream so they can continue to collect dollars with marketing of the green business agenda .
NEG yeah but christianity is the only way evidently EMO_HAPPY * sarcasm *
POS i stood up and applauded this article as fast as nancy pelosi ! <br> <br> dugg it ... shouted it ... ca n't wait to see people try to debate it laugh out loud
NEG what a load of crap .
POS ooooooohhhhhhh ... ... snap .
NEG an easy solution for this is to lower your existing prices that your cellular customers pay . in turn , you induce loyalty and have a much happier and much larger customer base to keep in a broken economy . the cell phone companies have had consumers by the pair for years with the price point your paying compared to what it really costs them on the bottom line . <br> <br> it is true they have dumped some of the money back into better carrying technology and other notable positives , yet a price reduction should be on the foreground if they want to stay competitive and keep profit shares up in a longterm bubble .
NEG no 1929 was due -LRB- in part -RRB- to protectionism in america -LRB- is the ` buy american ' clause still in the bailout ?? -RRB- . but given a choice between being governed by corporations or being governed by a swollen interventionist state i choose the former
NEG nah , then you 'd find the used ones in vending machines as long as they were used by schoolgirls . <br> / s <br>
NEG i love how people are getting buried for saying its unimpressive . it really is easy . i 've done it and i do n't play soccer . it would be impressive if it was a farther range but he shot it from not even 3 point range . go ahead bury me but i know that a week from now you 'll try it yourself and you 'll find out its easy .
NEG i thought that i read somewhere before that micheal jackson owns the rights to a bunch of their music . anyone seem to remember this or did i just make this up ?
POS @ unmannedmission <br> <br> hope you did n't mind me speaking for you . seemed we were on the same page .
POS hahahah <br> <br> i wonder if - all - languages shout their word for ` yes ' whilst copulating . something just weird about ` oui ... oui ! oui oui !!! '
NEU hey witch wat cha been up too
NEG i was thinking ... everyone is allways saying that they want racism to end and that all racist should burn in hell or something along that nature yet has anyone stopped to think that maybe people who are racist also want racism to end , they 're just acting on there idea 's instead of sitting on their a ** 's all day . just a thought . i thought it was kind of ironic once i stopped to think about it.its realy kind of funny when you stop to think about it yourself
POS oh my god my son has the same b-day as you laugh out loud
NEU hey whats up i havent talked to you in like forever
POS hey kevin hope you are good and well miss ya dude
POS sup greg ... how you been ? ... how . . s the family ? ... say hi to everyone for m , pleeez ... o yea and can you tell my dee dee dee brother to add me to his friends or to at least pimp his profile up ... and tell not to use excuses ... thanx ----- ----- ----- lates ese
NEU my churchland homey waht it do
POS hey sis , , great job on your profile , , bet you cant wait to be a ggiltf , , , -LRB- laughing -RRB- annie told me to say that .
POS yeah , we should totally enter the nag 's like that , then we should dance like this !
NEG so every body knows this page is screwedd up and we cant get on to it so if you are trying to save wait until she gets another page .
POS hey you have two friends !!
POS hey sexy man i was just missing you and wanted to sat hi ! ca n't wait till friday to get you drunk and take advantage !!!
POS hey mom , how are you ? we are great . i just thought that i would stop in and say hi ... ----- love ya ----- gena
NEG ya a regret giving my old z up . i just couldnt aford four quads . of course that oic was taken before the race series . ater the series it looked like shit !!
POS wazz up prima ----- damn its been a good while that i dont see you ----- well i just want 2 let you know im still here ----- and that i miss you and i hope 2 see you soon ----- ----- ? & respect l.a. : dr3am3er
POS i do indeed hehe !! dnt c her as much as i used to tho cos shes with her new boyfriend aw th time EMO_HAPPY a miss her !! laugh out loud you stil goin bout wi neil n th missus ?? love yooooooooo xoxoxoxoxox
POS eric ... ... ----- where have you been ? i have needed some cousin time !! call me sometime soon . not today . . i know that it 's ohio state and michigan today so maybe tomorrow .
POS congratulations !!! i am so happy for you and you are going to be an amazing dad !! can you believe it , daddy ... wow . . please tell her mom congratulations too . ----- she is beautiful , ----- amy
POS hey gurlie , just wanted 2 stop by and say hi how have you been ? ----- lisa -LRB- d 's girl -RRB-
NEG wut the hell you doin online at 3 am ? o yea man isnt your bday today ? or was it a few days ago ? or like a week ago . fuck it , what am i talkin about , im lost .
POS prayers going out to all the soldiers today . may god keep you all safe over there .
NEU sup vinson
POS i 've been going to school and working my butt off . i am glad to know that you are doing ok . much luv ! ----- ~ swee ' pea ~
POS hey hey its will from school . ----- ----- hows ? uni hope you are enjoyin it 6th forms pretty cool but ca n't wait to go to uni if i go !!!! ----- ----- much love
NEU sorry . lol . it 'll be okay
POS hey !!!!!!!!! ive been trying to get ahold of you ... . . so what 's new ?!
POS hey boo boo thanks for add me . ----- wot it the usa like ?
POS hey girl !!! i have not seen you in along time . how are you and the baby.come see me i live in town . .
POS happy birthday chris ... now go get trashed !
NEG i 'll try if i can get a sitter.i 'll let you know
POS why thank you hans !
NEG dnt b a hater cuz we need some dick ! and the toys aint wk n !!!
NEU im goin 2 christopher friday . ----- ----- to the game & & stuf . ----- ----- talk to me . ----- ----- ----- ----- ?
POS hi tim ! been to the shit co -LRB- aka the fish co -RRB- recently ??? ahh the good drunk nights at fish co. ... how can you go wrong ?? haha ... ----- ~ r
POS wow the space is actually looking like a space lol ! how many girls you got harrassing you about your muscles ! laugh out loud dork !
POS just dropping in to say hello .
POS hey craig how are things going there in texas i herd that you want to move here to arizona tell shana we said hi to her
POS happy holidays ! hope you have a great new year as well !!!
POS yeaaaaaaaaah me edga baby here how the hell ya been ... we do gaaabage soooonnsss
POS love your pics ! ----- thanks for the add !! ----- EMO_HAPPY
NEU imhouwant4life89
POS i just stopped to say say i love you !!!!
POS you should watch us play on the 26th if your still in town . we play a team from north carolina
NEU how you been you nasty boy laugh out loud
POS hooters . haha .
POS wat it do baby boo laugh my ass off hey man where have you been ?
NEG hey honey what the hell you been doin ... i aint seen you in a min ... where the hell you been ... so what you doin this weekend ... dam i see you all in love and shyt when did this happen you just dont let me know shyt no more do you ... now when we was in parkside yo ass couldnt wait to tell me shyt i see how you doin it ... but do you boo ... well my nigga get at me *** keshia ***
NEG what 's up with that boy carson ?
NEG next time i see you im whoopin ' your country ass , hillbilly !
POS i heart you too
POS laugh out loud yea ill be there go on hol 4days later cant wait ! x
POS what it do man ... ... holla at ya boy !
POS hiiii ----- i love you ----- bothhhh ----- muchoo .
POS things are good thanks - wow emma blast from the past !
POS um , thanks for the add . want to tell me a little more about yourself ?
POS not yet , charlie wont be done with her solo ensamble in time to go with us and she said she has a responsibility to her choir team to be there , and not at the race ... i 'm so proud ... anyway , her friend , stephanie 's mom said she can probably just pick her up with stephanie and let her stay the weekend and go to school with her ... she rides the same bus so it would be conveint ... she said she had to check a few things out on her schedual but would get back in touch with me soon ... i 'll keep ya updated , its still a month away ... a lot can change ...
POS hey thats awesome congratulations where are you getting married at ? oh and im really sorry to tell you this but i lost your phone number again so could you please give it to me again ?
POS yeayea ! you too jundo ! EMO_HAPPY
POS josh whats up my home skillet haha :-RRB- to set up a myspae background you need to set up pics on photoshop and then shift them into a code . then use a myspace layout to make a background .
POS hey there ! thanks for the compliment ! how is everything ? you 're display pic looks awesome ! i like your hair !
NEG did you forget what we have ?
POS hello there , ----- ----- we thank you kindly for accepting our invite . ----- ----- much appreciated !! ----- ----- regards , ----- s.i.g.h.t.unit
POS i know it cus ... love ya ... call me some time
POS hey ` liss . . ----- ----- maybe you should run away to maryville ! EMO_HAPPY then we can partay like rawk stars ! haha
POS haha yeaaaaaaaaaaaaa
POS i have free internet !!!! laugh out loud -----
NEG yeah im worried too ... i have two other classes that are at the same time as organic that i have to take to graduate so im really worried !
NEG aw big shame laugh out loud ----- i have n't been up 2 much really ----- jus went 2 oceana havent been sooo bored in my life saw some mates so thats all cool . hope your well speek soon xxx
POS waz gud tho !!?? how you been ?
POS hey thanks for the add . dont be a stranger =-RRB-
NEU to honor !
POS hey lan !!!!! things are good !!! i loved the comment you left me ... nice pic !!!
NEG would you please get a picture on here ?
POS hey so what have you been up to ?
POS hi ali - managed to get this myspace working now and thought id leave you a wee message ! how do you get you are backdrop pink ? miss you ! xxx
POS happy birthday to you ... happy birthday to you ... happy birthdaaay grreegg ... happy birthday to you !!! im singing to ya if you could n't tell ... : - >
NEG 3 days off ! bastardo ! im at work today EMO_HAPPY
POS definitely not dread the b chord ! haha
NEG take me to jail drop my soap shut the fuck up man lol .
POS hey mike !!!
POS hey girl i have n't heard from you in a while so i thought i 'd stop in to see what was up ?
POS happy birthday
NEU ok ya for sure i just have to ask oh k ?
NEU wow , it 's been along time since this page has been updated , do n't worry all i will get on it soon !! i 've just been real busy lately , but now that things should calm down some i should have more time !!!
POS hey thanks for the add beautiful . have a great summer . alright peace
POS hey thanks for da request ... do i no u ??
POS what 's up ? long time no see . it 's not everyday you come across somebody who knows where peyton is .
POS love you
POS . . i h0p3 s0 2 l0l wat ar3 yall g0iing 2 lata . .
POS happy birthday on sunday ! you 're a class act ... ...
NEU yo matt what up . . long time man , we need to chill soon
POS hi donna + alex how are you two on this fine evening . what are your plans ?? anything romantic or a few films by trhe bedside ? xx
POS hahahaha legend ! ahhh blackadder and the 6hour war film will look very goood on that i bet ! ----- i will be up soon to test out the new hd tv hahaha ----- mmmm capri sum and the stak and kidney pie ! ----- xxx
NEU oh , you know . . good things . ----- i like to keep confidentiality ----- with the fam , you know laugh out loud ----- sors bro
NEU blank comment ?? whats up with that ? laugh out loud
POS happy birthday !
POS hey bro , i seen that you have the buffalo skull drawing that i did erase that one and put the one that i have in my pics it looks much better and you can see the details , later dj
NEU hey whats up dogg
NEU so i dont think i know you , but you probably saw my myspace and figured that i was one studly mf , and then you added me becasue you happen to have a crush on me . am i right ? its cool .
POS laugh out loud hows it going out in misery err ... missouri ... seen any tornadoes lately ? anyways , hope all is good ----- ----- chat you later , ----- ----- nate
POS thank god for myspace ! laugh out loud kidding , how have you been ?
POS hi , im jessica . ----- EMO_HAPPY ----- how are you doing ?
POS no problem ! damn dats whats really good . . i wan na lose some wieght too ! so ima try it out ! thanks k.i.t n oh yeah do n't let you are boss caught u !! laugh out loud
POS becky olives is my bestest friend forever ! i love you becky !!! jello shots schmello shots
POS i like your picture
POS yo , next time your on ts , im me on aim so i can get on and chill with ya
POS happy birthday bro
NEG fuck you man .
POS alrite buddy . ----- you lot gunna b out in town on thursday ? think theres quite alot of people goin out , shud b gd . seems a while since we were out with you lot .
POS dude its been forever how you doin ? what you been up to ?
NEU little girl
POS wats up tyler ?? you got 2 listin 2 the song on my pro , it makes fun of soulja boy in a hardcore verson . . its awsome
NEU hey , just letting you know this is not the official mr. shy page , sorry ! -LRB- blame myspace !! ;-RRB- -RRB- ----- ----- ----- add-request me at my official page below , and i 'll accept you there ... and then delete this page , thx !! ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- also join my myspace fan page , where you 'll get extra info and updates regularly : ----- ----- ----- ----- -----
POS hey can you believe this im in england
NEG things are pretty good here . crazy busy mike works everysaturday and i work everyother . so we are really busy i am still doing a college class . i dont think we will be down any time soon just way to much happening in our lives right now .
NEU noo forreal haha i dont have backround girls . thats mean ----- i have girls i thnnk arehot and if things go bad they are theree hahaha
POS i wan na know you , your insecurities ----- secrets and your needs ----- i want your mental and your physical too ----- and once i 've got it i wo n't stop ----- until you know you 're beautiful ----- ----- ~ dorian ~
POS just thought i would drop by and say happy christmas merry new year laugh out loud take care
POS hey get ahold of me please , i have some things to discuss with ya ! love ya !
POS honey i 'm so happy to be carrying your first baby ... i just ca n't wait until we found out how far along we are ... i hope all goes well and we have no problems with this pregnancy ... ... i love you eternity , infinity , and beyond ... . ----- ----- tisha
NEG whatever i do not hate on people and i was not giving you a mean face . yall were just being stupid and i was givng you a `` your wierd '' face ! but you two are funny though .
NEU whats up ... thanx for the add ! how have things been . . ----- my bad at the speedway ----- i was ----- on the phone conducting business . . lol i didnt even see you come in ----- and i was already late for work = / . but yeah get back at me !
POS zomg it 's anthony ! EMO_HAPPY the hair style on your pic , it 's so you =p
POS hey there , ----- it was really nice to see you guys again . we should do it more often !! hope to see everyone soon ! ----- ~ ashley
POS yes it has . how are you doing ? we are doing good . chad is back out to sea until november !! got ta love the navy !! well , hope you are doing well . good to hear from ya ... keep in touch !
POS hey hun thanks for the add hope your well and spk soon xxxx
NEG acdc why did you have to blow ken 's cover ?
POS enjoy your pizza ???
POS thanks for the add .
POS thanks for the add EMO_HAPPY
NEG im bleeding rectally ----- xxx
POS good lad ill be in top form today mate im not hungover hope your the same laugh out loud
POS wassup john how you been im jus cummin thru 2 sho sum lubb
POS my babyshower is oct. 2oth ima give you an invitation next week so you betta start shopping trick
POS it 's about time you gave into the world of mysapce . so how 's everything going ?? are you and jess coming up for the wedding ?? well see ya later . ----- ----- peace .
POS thank you ! ----- ----- EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud havent gotten it yet , i think im going today . . sounds good though .
POS have fun in vegas ...
POS heyy loser . EMO_HAPPY ----- dont you think your cool now . ----- since you have a myspace . ----- yeahh dont you ?!?!?!?! ----- well you are very cool now . ----- because myspace is freakin ' cool ! ----- ok well love you uncle loser .
POS happy birthday cousin !!! enjoy your day to the fullest . may god bless and keep you and guide you each and everyday . take care and have fun ! love , silvy
POS whats up my big bro !! ----- what you doin
POS hey catherine what ya up too well me nothin much tryna pass my classes but i love avinger so much
NEU hey joe . . hows it been going . . -----
POS hi dobbie ! ooo this is the magazine thing i 've been hearing about ! cool !! if only i lived in glasgow ! haha ! a doi de doi de doi de doi ! EMO_HAPPY hope alls great with u ! EMO_HAPPY
POS was up homie ... im chillin . . u ? ... well cmb ----- peace ----- ~ hector ~
POS happy birthday staz !
POS miss you lover !
NEU who 's that girl ?
POS did you see the baby EMO_HAPPY ----- she is so cute . how is everything with you . been a while
POS happy birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!
POS how you doin ' baby i love u. ... . . the incredible mutha fuckin black
POS you are by far the most amazing and wonderful woman i have ever met ! i love you with all of my heart and soul ashley !!!!!!
POS nah huy its the knuckle head crew lol , hope yo arm gets betta soon
POS whats up girl !! its been a long long time ! how have you been ?
NEU you suck laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY telling my the ending or close to the ending of gatsby > . < i passed my two test hehe 10 out of 12 and 8 out of 10 on vocab > . < kinda bad oh well you still owe me vday dinner >:[ flying elephant is hungry . . i dotn think i want to be an elephant maybe something cutier =d
POS whatsup ? ----- thanks for adding me ! < 3
POS yo homeslice !! just leavin some love on your page . ill talk to you later love peace and chicken grease holla * joelle *
POS hey other samantha -LRB- ha-ha -RRB- that is so true , i guess that is why i ca n't forget you . thanks for being a true friend .
POS whats up shorty cant wait till friday so i can pick on you laugh out loud
POS how are you hun ----- will w/m/b love you alot ----- b & b margie
POS o , definitely , definitely , definitely !! yea ... definitely ...
POS hey babe why dont you put picz of u. . . i wan na see you are cute face again !!!
NEG you cassie freak
POS not bad thanks . ----- ----- in that case , fancy going to see him in august with me ? it is in london but rents are prob going to go up too and go out some place else laugh out loud its like # 17.50 which i think is a bargain personally EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- get back to me lovely ----- ----- love love ----- ----- ox
POS alright guys i know everyones been asking and i had n't made up my mind yet til now . . so here 's the scoop ! i 'm gon na celebrate my b-day saturday the 14th @ glass . . so please help me spread the word . i only have a week to get the word out to everybody , but with everyones help we should have a great turn out . . last year we had an awesome turnout , so lets make this years b-day/reunion party bigger than last years . . i 'm counting on you guys to let everyone know about my official b-day/reunion party ! do n't miss out on hanging with all our peeps under one roof ! ----- ----- in the next day or so i should have some more details for everyone . . but start spreading the word ! ----- ----- orly . .
POS tell na , i said happy birthday !!!!!!!
POS ya it was under warranty so it was free ! and i already got everything back on it it was all saved on my computer so its all good to go !
POS damn bro , happy belated birthday !!! ----- ----- hehe , but yea hope you didnt party to gard and grats on hittin 16 EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- peace out roids , ----- ----- ~ matt ~
NEU hi bry , im still at school doing a research project .
NEG i just got tired of all the shit . no support , no money , no leadership . so i quit . i spent 12 years at that place , and not one person has said thank you or even f-k off since i left . it is all good though , things are going great , and it would have been foolish of me to stay amy longer . that place has nothing going for it anymore , and i do n't want to be associated with it .
POS my hero !!! EMO_HAPPY
POS hope you are having a killers summer so far twin ... . . miss ya lots
NEU campin in flag on the 13th !! bring the bike budday !! lem me know . try responding for once eh ?
POS were going out tonight , you wan na go ? let me know , call me , k ?!
POS hi dave , ----- all is well here by the river ! ----- just spoke to jesss this morning and she is getting prepared for a halloween party in edinburgh ... ----- can not think of a better city than ed to do that ... very gothic with castles and cobbled streets etc -LRB- very jess hey -RRB- ----- lisa has just got a new job in london and is working for the management company that handles mark knopfler ... ----- money for nothin ' and your chicks for free ... etc ----- james is at newcastle uni and having a ball ... which means getting pissed most nights , i think ! ----- anyway dave , ... keep well
POS hello mr , lovely wig i think it should be a permanent fixture ! hope all is well and dandy!xx
POS hey ryan , ----- i heard you might be getting a bike thats sweet . well good luck in your search . ----- ~ trish
NEU I do n't know what do you mean .
NEG hey , did you have a good party ?? sorry i couldnt go , my parents are nobbers sometimes n wouldnt pick me up EMO_HAPPY xxx
NEU shoot i guess when ever i get a chance . all the damn rodeos got me goin a bunch . i 'll make it down there before to long .
NEG girl , go do something with ya life .
POS thanks 4 da add . can you comment my pics ?
POS yo , we gon na listen to dem tapes dis weekend fake money . ya know , crew 2001 like 1999 . itt tech and all dat ! sloppy , bj , big daddy long shlong , mex , dui till you die or me first . ----- get dem 40 so you can $ it !
POS okay well at least it was useful !
POS happy birthday EMO_HAPPY
NEU your girlfriend would be even cooler if she would just let us cuddle ... i mean she gets really irrate about sharin ... but who could blame her when she has such a -LRB- cute -RRB- hardcore rocker boyfriend ... . .
POS yay you are only friend and 1st comment i feel so special
NEG preciate dat cuz ... i ` an been doin nun but dis music shit ... grindin harder than a muthafucka ... it 's payin off doe ...
POS hey who is that hott old man in the picture ? man i hope i look as good as he does when im that old ...
POS hi thanks for the lil add ... ... i take it you know my best friends forever sammi ... ... . . yeah she rocks !
POS hello baby ----- im so glad where still together ----- just wanted to show you some love ----- ----- love stephanie
POS uhhh why am i not in your top whatever ??? ----- i think i should be in it . ----- and how do you know adrienne the indian freshman ?
NEG `` kim is highly aggitated for no particular reason '' ----- ----- ... of course you are , you work with mike . ----- ----- miss you !
NEU hey are yall going to the bash this year ?
POS i love you !!!!
NEU whats up with the name ginger and fransic hehe no offense brad but really what is ??? ----- its kinda streange but oh well that is like you so nevermind ... ----- where you at the library hehe that is for little kids not big kids like you guys !! ----- brittany your little sister ----- -LRB- im little so i can go to the library -RRB-
NEG i hate liars and bitchassness , too !
POS thanks for adding me ... xoxoxoxo ... ----- ----- love always , ----- miss phoebe
NEG are we having fun
POS hey thinks for visting my myspace and requesting to be my friend hit me up when you see it leave me a message
NEG yeh t tickets didnt really happen . . ----- did you go to bled or anywhere exciting like that ?! i want sunshine now - feb was miserable , time for daffodils
NEU nah its more like bbbooooooommm
POS hey sexy im at work , i just wanted to say have fun shopping ... love ya -----
POS oh no ... your song is broken ! ----- happy birthday bitch ! ----- love ya !
POS it would be great to play togther again because knowing we have played together pretty much our whole football careers is gunna be hard to leave . im proud of you tho john im glad your having great success ill be here for you if you need me man . and sorry for this sympathetic stuff but im glad your my friend my man .
NEU hey mai why are ` nt you on aim ?
NEU mary ----- i ? you !! ----- ----- im jus a tad bit bored ----- laugh out loud ----- so hows summer treating you ?? ----- ----- ???
NEG i am ill !!! with something called labrynthitus !! ----- ----- inner ear is fucked !! ----- ----- cant stand up without falling over !!!!!!! ----- ----- ----- x
NEG trying to graduate on time and get the hell out of here so i can start a life of my own .
POS my life is complete . chad is my myspace friend.woo hoo !
POS welcome aboard matey - see you saturday ? for a bit of fighting ?
POS im good ... . . you ?
POS yay ! i am so glad you are free to roam again . EMO_HAPPY
NEG yes whats up you half black son of a gun you
POS hey dude !!!!!!!!! you need to call me so we can have band practice . rock on dude !!!!!!!!!
NEG wats up biatch ... u like tha movie
NEG sup bitches . ----- ----- ----- auto-robotic asphyxiation
POS happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday dear popssss happy birthday to you ! ----- ----- umm . . i think i deserve to be on your top !! ----- ----- love you , ----- sierra
NEU thanks , i will be back somewhere around that day too because shawn and i have a wedding to go too ... i have 4 weddings in aug to go too this year ... im goin to be so poor ... i need to find a job out in cali ... okay ill talk to ya later , bye
POS hey maribel !!! how have you been ?
POS ya i miss you to . laugh out loud
NEU so how was you are weekend ? i hope yall liked the game i did and didnt laugh out loud -----
NEU hummm water edge , well im not sure what the place is called but my buddy kenny and my friend wendy both live on hiatus . so i 'm not sure where ... what color are the places that you live in ??
POS o my fucking god !!! ha , ha , ha!oh god !!!! ----- =d
NEU thats good . thats how yu gitta do it now days fa yu g3t in troubl3 .
POS hah i feel loved i am on you are tops . . =-RRB-
NEU alright savy ! got a few pictures ere for you mate , sorry i got distracted the other night man . must see you guys soon for a few . i can send you them pictures over msn if you want to grab my email from our page !
NEU laugh out loud doin good ! kinda tired though from track .
POS aye congrats on da new born my nigga
NEG jim does n't get pissed off - why you mad ?
NEU hell yeah you know it .
NEU is that truck worth havin ? shoot
NEG nigga henna ! wuts tha mutha fuckin deal cuz ? i havnt seen you are punk ass in a few mins man ! fuckin holla boi bitch ! ----- ----- twankie
NEG sox/yankees you take yanks ?!?! ----- ----- are you kiddin me ?
POS hey love you are so cute in those pics ... message me back !
POS hey hun how have you been
POS hello new fwend :d
POS happy birthday b-e-n !
POS look at that lee top of your leaderboard , oh yeah and im probs the person that know you least . sorry didnt get hold of you left my phone in my dads car . but ill catch ya on monday buddy . much love xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
POS um you a offie 4 real nick ! haha naw im just playin ... u know you are sexy as hell lol ...
POS hey tiffany welcome to myspace . i seen that nobody sent you ne coments so i figured i would send you one . hit me back maybe we can do sometime yah know . well ill talk to you later bye earl
NEU wood lake ?
NEU how do i add a pic to my background ?
NEU it runs ?? but i rolled a bearing in it.im also doin some high po work to it
NEU ----- just to warn you for liability reasons , please read this article .
NEU ay whats up bro ?
NEU who ?
NEU did the strom hit in your town ?
POS love you EMO_HAPPY
POS steve -- ooo whats up man -----
POS heyy !!! ----- thanks for the add ! ----- ? kristin
POS yay ... i can read your profile !!! laugh out loud terri , i know you wont get this for like 10 friggin years , but i love you and thanks for being there for me when i need you the most !! you 're a wonderful mother-in-law ! i could n't ask for anything more !
POS happy birthday !!!!!!!!!!! ----- brittoni ----- a * k * a ----- tha *** all $ tar ***
NEG think you were off from work enough this week ?
NEU laugh out loud ----- soo wut ----- =p ----- ----- we finally finished the floors . . ----- thank god . .
POS hey boii !!! havent talk to ya in amin !! whats good with you ?? well im jus commin by showin my prescious love
POS i love being your myspace friend !
POS hey yall i miss yall to im hoping to come home soon show-mei has my dates wean ill be back in the states i cant say right now laugh out loud all the clissified stuff and all laugh out loud but ill keep in touch and tell everyone i miss them alot and good luck hunting this year
NEU hows the grind comming ?
POS a big dave whts krakkking man its ceen a long a $ $ tyme since i seen you . how have youu ceen . how is skool man ... . i live out here in mizzouri still going to skool ... well its good to c you on dis shit ... good luck and jah bless ...
POS kieron ----- you blaits think my space is amazin . . :d ----- loveuu x
POS lol , i feel you ----- ay , if you get a chance listen to da original of that theme song , you can hear how much i had to chop and flip it to get it rite for da beat
POS aaaaaay bitch ... ... lol naw wassup baby yo page is alright it aint all dat nigga but yea change that pic got yo big ass head in the hole pic no back ground ... but yeah ya nigga gettin ghost im out i love u. ... ... .
NEU whats up with the falcons
NEU yes simon ----- ----- a punk bitch slap ----- ----- and thanks mate EMO_HAPPY
POS hey bab , we really need to sort somethin 4 valentines so please stop bein a big gimp ! 8 days till im home , love you xxxxx
POS wassup babe hit me up tomorrow EMO_HAPPY
POS navid ! ----- hows it going ? i miss you ! EMO_HAPPY ----- hope everything is well ----- ----- ? ----- shelby
NEU ali wear to start i really have no clue ... i miss you so much ... come back home ... ts so weird not having you around down here . . like for real ... makes me cry just thinking about ya ... and lookin at the pictures on my closet doors what have ya on it makes me cry to ... even though right now i cant walk up my steps to get to my closet doors lol ... but i hope you are havin so much fun up there with all the hott guys i bet you are . . and i bet it was so hard for you mom to leave her little girl ... cuz i no my mom couldnt have done that . . she dont even like to think about me leavin for college cuz we were talkin about you today and she was like why dont you just go to a community college in pad or madisonville for 2 years were you wont have to leave me . . and i was like pssshhtt ... whatever im gettin as far away from here as possible and i told her today that i was commin up there all the time when i got my licenses lol ... and i am going to or else im pretty much going to go into depression ... cuz i miss my ali that much right now ... and it hasent even been like a whole 4 days laugh out loud and im already going like insain like you dont no ... but i have wrote alot and you have alot to do i bet with gettin moved in and everything ... but you have to tell me all about your first day tommorow and your new roomate hopefully she aint gay haha . . i think you told me she was really pretty ... but write me back ... love you with all my heart ... alex
POS thanks for the add . wat good wit you ...
POS congratulations on the new addition to the family ! ca n't wait to watch james grow & develop into a young man !!
NEG aye i 'm not feelin the best either atm . . but that 's probably only cos of my shit weekend haha ----- ----- good luck with algebra then ;] ----- ----- school sucks here ... like loads of my mates in the year above me have left , and they were the fun ones ... so school is majorly boring >_< ----- but i 'll live haha ----- ----- xx EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks for the love girl !!! ----- ----- you 're very pretty ... i know you are gon na do great with dancing & modeling as long as you stay aggressive . ----- ----- i 'm not modeling yet . i work full time so its kinda hard ... but ima try to get on top of right now =p got ta get ourselves out there . its all about running across the right people EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- hope you have a great weekend . ----- ----- show me sum love and ill always return it . do n't be a stranger . ----- ----- ~ ! > mizz faith -LRB- b.b. -RRB- < ! ~
NEU hey
POS hiiiiiiiiiiiii rissa !!!! good to see you on-line !!!
POS yooo holla at me this weekend man so we can party we aint gotten drunk ina minute
POS whats up homie
POS i hope you 're having a great weekend ! ----- ----- yes , i finally posted my latest blog entry ! i had so many requests to put it up but many things have happened recently . i 'm not sure if you were one of the ones who messaged me about it , i mean i had hundreds and that 's a lot to remember ... lol ----- ----- - mc ----- ----- p.s. - if you have n't subscribed yet , subscribe now , and you 'll be notified when it 's updated !
POS i love you and miss you cant wait till you come home today !!! wooo partay time !!
POS hey baby ! there you are . see you tonight .
POS wut ^ im jus passin by to show you and you are page sum love so when you get this i hope you return this as soon as possible be safe 1
NEU your page gives me a headache ... laugh out loud
POS na na na na ... na na na na ... hey hey hey ... goodbye atl !!!! ... ... . . na na na na ... na na na na ... here we come ... htown !!!!!!!!!!!
POS thanks you rock ! ha thats my first message . later
POS hey bud !! whats up ? i see you have um changed your page a little haha !
POS i miss and love you !
POS laugh out loud i still love you no matter what
POS omg !!! ... that is a great picture
POS wuts up mayne ? ----- just stoppin through and gracin your page . ----- make sure you return the favor ya digg ?
POS hey < 3 ----- i 'm steven ----- how are you ?
POS yep ! we actually have 10 that we know of ! six black ones and four brown ones !
POS hey girl thanks for the add looking good
POS what 's up dude , what are you doing tonight any plans ? i might hit the bar up later but not sure yet . call me if you are going out ...
NEG wat up asshole dis dough holla at me
POS hey baby ... i 'm the first one to comment on your myspace ... ... ... i love you !!!!!!! EMO_HAPPY
NEU hey boy what you been up 2 ?
POS senor gorgo , how nice of you :--RRB- ----- good luck with everything ! ----- kizzy
POS wow.i have n't been gone from the house yet for too long , and now you are adding me on myspace !! hahaha you must miss me a lot . hahahahahah ----- ----- x
POS you found me you little jackal ! haha , ----- i love you lots , bro !
POS hey im glad i am the first one to comment on your page , fix it up , make it look nice , and they will come ...
POS you are such an old soul ... lovin the fro !! get @ me hun ... i never see ya anymore . EMO_HAPPY
POS funn !! -LRB- minus the back and forth stuff -RRB- did you start school ... in august ??
POS yeh defo we can meet up wen were back off hols an do summit guna be a bit busy until then . tell me if you hear from summer school cos i still havent got nething yet , cheers bigears !
POS so im listenin to ratm ----- and i thought of you EMO_HAPPY ----- haha word ----- but speaking of burned victims ----- we needa hang out again ----- laugh out loud
NEU whaddup ?
NEG you are an animal
NEU who recruited you ? cuz if i am right there were two sgts there msgt rosario , and tech sgt. green . msgt rosario got me in
POS cheers , neye ... i am humbled . ----- did i make sense ? ha ha ha ... ----- ----- best wishes from kuala lumpur .
POS thanks bro !
POS hahahahahahahah you are pic is funny ... ... ----- - cj aka lil ` j.c. ----- comment back
NEU you did n't let brother kevin have a guest appearance solo on the new album ???
POS hi aunt donna , love you hopefully i will be able to see you guys soon.tell gab and josh i said hello .
NEU whats up . ----- ask fes to add you to his friends list .
POS how ya feelin bob ! hope your not too hung over this morning .
POS you are welcome renji EMO_HAPPY
POS how goes it lady !!!!
POS at college laugh out loud how bout you ?
POS whats up girrrllllllllll
NEG me and my dude smoke fat rocks all day if you got something to say about it ill shove a can of beans down your throat
POS hey cuttiiee
POS whats up kenny ?!?!? just saying hey !!
NEU getting rid of the kid this weekend i hear ... you two behave yourselves ! no crazy games of butt darts allowed .
NEG not the mama ! ----- not the mama !
POS hey how are you doing ... thanks for the add
NEU hmmmmm what did you end up doing this weekend
POS wassup , lil bit . stoppin by to show some love !
NEU ----- pimp your profile ! -----
NEG now look whos trying to get into a frat . its kind of weird , i mean just because some of us are in alpha beta twat does n't mean that just anyone can get in ... maybe i 'll put in a good word
POS i miss you !
POS hey girl !!! thank you so much for the comment on my blog i posted . you need to join us for one of our girl nights at my house ... we have lots of fun . talk to ya soon .
POS hey girl im good been busy hope everyone is doing good
POS hey chica ! whats been up with u ! get ready for camp on monday !
NEG what a goober
POS hey . how have you been ? i have not talk to you in sooo long . call me some time .
POS hey you love the new pics how was ibiza ?
NEU did derek buy that 4 wheeler yall went to go look at
POS hey , old roomie . ----- ----- how are you ?! EMO_HAPPY do you still go to la fitness ? i got hooked on the cycling class , but i go at 6:45 p.m. tues/thurs instead of at noon now .
POS k so i tried to put the pic of the cartoon saying il just pretend to hug you until you get here as a comment but you know im special and for some reason i couldnt get it to work . sorry but it was the thought that counts right ? haha be good dont have too much cyber sex !
POS sure that would be nice ok what will we call it ??? respond plzz ok ttfn
POS happy new year
POS i miss you too !! merry late x-mas ! we deffinatley hafta hangout , i didnt know you were back in the area . call me or send me a message or sumthin .
NEG i got peas on my head but do n't call me peahead !
NEU hey where i 'm i at on this myspace
POS happy birthday tomorrow !!!!!! when i see you at work i 'll tell you happy birthday again ok ! laugh out loud ----- ----- ----- ? nell
NEU i am refusing 2 talk 2 you until you post some pix , mr. triathlon !! -LRB- jk ... . congrats on the baby on the way !!! -RRB-
POS tell aiden that great aunt jen says i understood everything he said and i agree ;--RRB-
NEG sup cuz ! nah not on this , all about facebook these days ! ----- my mum being a biiiiaaatch ! thats why bullied.but goin uni soon , so not even bothered any more ! tell me whats happening in you are life then?x
POS dam j thats a bad ass backround
NEU i want to put a vote down for ----- x factor 1
NEU i miss you , fix it .
NEG your crazy booooomer you didnt read its -LRB- jessica myspace -RRB- not mike . mikey he got his own `` myspace '' damn you left me two commetns and not one said jessica you crazy but ill forgive your crazy ass ! so what have you been up too i see im in your top 12 but that might be becuz of mikey !!!! laugh my ass off j/k so hit me up `` jessica '' ok !
NEG your neva on msn you dorkazoid . * smiles *
POS brandon ! you never told me wat santa got u ! laugh out loud
NEU hi loser jus adding more kommments ----- kk ... ily EMO_HAPPY
POS hi cousin how are u ? did you still remember me ? we stay in yur hauz before me and my brother and sister leah in clark air base remember.god bless u !!!!
POS thank you . yeah it is crazy ! you prob dont know this , but zack and me have been very close the last 5 years . he came to visit me and asked me to marry him . so i said yes . he is my very best friend . we have been through it all ! we are having a small ceremony here in nashville during the holidays , but we are going to have a wedding up north when he gets out of the army . you got ta come ! dont quite have a date , but i will let you know . so what have you been up to love ? tell me about your life now ...
POS the monster is excellent EMO_HAPPY he was late too and was supposed to be induced , but we kind of helped him along . you know , the way you got him there is also a way to help him along , get it ? that , and take some long walks . like 2-3 miles at a time . but bring a cell phone ! btw , child birth , so not bad , just get the epidural EMO_HAPPY
POS hello ----- just wanted to let you know that we are having a get together on saturday . we plan on cooking out , it is bring your own food and drinks and then later on in the evening we are having a fire . let us know if you can make it .
POS hello mate , thing are good thanks , good to see your still on the drums , and doing well i checked out your band they look good i 'll have to check you out when your playing over this way , ----- been speaking to a few school mates on here should get some sort of reunion together .
POS hey girlie wats ^ havent talked to you in forever -- how are you and brent and owen doing ? talk to you later love ya tons
NEU yo , village ! got ta git me some village !
POS hey sexy bum !! love u !!
POS you definitly have a good chance , last i heard not a whole lot of people are even coming back next year . . youd be a good staff member too
POS happy birthday mike . do n't forget to drink a beer for me .
POS i like you and your son
POS glad to hear that all is going well . the cutie , logan , is my cousin becky -LRB- klinkenberg , melissa 's sister -RRB- that is her little boy . the pic is older ... he is 3 now . you should be biased that your kids are beautiful ... but coming from me , i much agree with you ... they are beautiful . you are very fortunate to have such a great family .
POS not really , i think a bit of socialising is in order so goin out tonight is defo on the cards ! ----- still gon na have a quiet one ? xx
POS hiya what 's up ? i dont know if you remember me but im your cousin samantha bestfriend . well anyway , i love your page and the music is hot . ----- ----- $ ladyrose $
POS hey hunny ! havent seen you in a long time ! im having a jewelry party what is your address ?
NEU hey man how you doin ? its been a long time . well i am living in brussels belgium now i will be here three years and then i will be done with college . took me long enough ! ha ha well let me know how your doing and how your family is . later
POS hey buddy !!! we miss you , hope you come home soon ...
NEU its what jamie and john collins named me . i have no idea why .
POS hey !
NEU god , are you alive .
POS hey cuz !! just dropping by to say , `` hi '' '' peace
POS ah thanks ! ----- i look ok . another 46 to go . down 70 so far . ----- happy birthday , btw !
POS texas totally kicks ass ----- ha ----- its pretty fun i guess ----- love uuu
POS haha hi daniel
POS hey whats good thought id come by and show you some love . so you better return the favor . it should be nice to have me the infamous aye bless ya page !!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEG carl , we are just lame . it 's always mainly because i do n't have credit , plus i 'm lazy and work takes all my time away ! it 's an arse . ----- ----- ah , you do n't need uni , it 's for losers EMO_HAPPY are you gon na go next year ? my job is okay , just a tad boring and i hate working every day ! ----- nick was telling me that the new garden centre get # 7 an hour on a sunday , seven pounds . i was nearly sick in my mouth ! i miss it too , especially as sndays would have made us rich . does anyone we knew still work there ? ----- ----- i do often think about maureen , i hope she is well . and i hope you are well my friend ! do you still go out in farnham and stuff ? ----- ----- loves xxxoxoxo
POS oh my god your birthday is comng up ! what 're you guys gon na do to celebrate ?
POS yea the wedding and everything went really great . i hope the best for you three . i cant wait for my new life to start even tho it has already . laugh out loud i hope alleria is doin ok . i know i spelled her name wrong you will just have to tell me how to . talk to you later
POS haha yeah i cut 6 inches off ... it feels so much better though ! hows everything going?xoxox
POS have a listen to my new profile song , fan bloody tastic !!
POS what 's up hammond ? how 's life treating you brother ?
POS hey ma sexy baby cakes ... lol ... im playin but anywasy im juss showin ya page some love and i just poped ya myspace.cherry ... lol ... well im finna call yew in a min . . so i can talk to yew bout wat i supposah yesterday . . :-RRB- . . ----- ----- lovesz ya , ----- atavia
POS hey , i think i just saw you ... weird ... ----- umm . . i like your background ! who ever helped you with your page is pretty cool . ----- EMO_HAPPY
NEG 4 real though , we have n't talked in a long time !
POS its come natural . no trying involved ! ----- laugh out loud
POS whhey up gawgus !!!! ----- ----- must meet up soon ! ----- ----- hows you ? ----- ----- wubu2 ?? ----- ----- love you loads ! xxxxxxxxxxx
POS happy early birthday ! love your bargain alerts !
NEG that sounds perve-like ...
POS congrats !!!! i 'm so happy for you guys , but now you ca n't ride the bull !!!
POS i like you are page , u movin up in myspace ----- ----- < - juice - >
POS thank you aaron ! and i did have a good time . oh and you already know what i want ... didnt we talk about this before EMO_HAPPY
NEU anna , you need a computer woman !!! go hit up rent a center or something EMO_HAPPY
POS darlin ' , i 'm gon na buttah yo bread .
POS that was super sweet !
POS hey !!! happy birthday !!!!!!! hope you have a great day !
POS hey luke how you been ??? ... i like you are headline ... lol ... thats real
NEU hey where do i kno you 4rm ?
POS hey girl how have you been , i miss ya happy birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
POS hey josh ! i sure hope you are doing well up there in jacksonville . do n't be a stranger , alright ?
POS cherrybomb was asking if she could come visit you , she was out this weekend and wanted to stop by to say hey . i told her we 'll have to give you a call next time she 's out here so we 're not invading !
NEU hey girl , how have you been ? are you still getting married ? when ? sorry i 'm hardley ever on here my computer is too slow , i hope everything is good for you ! where are you working now ?
NEU like hows it going what new
NEG hey chris . whats been going on . no alot on my end . just tryin to take things one day at a time . well get up with me sometime .
POS hey whats up ? how is everything up your way ?
NEU hey chick whts good ? yeaaa tht movie was brokke and when i came to findlay i really did n't except to check ma myspace laugh out loud so i did n't kno bout the football game or ne thing til i got home well yea i dunno when ill b up again so yea hit me back im out ~ 1 ~ katie aka real
POS i know we do not really know each other that well , and i really should n't be asking you this , i feel shy , but i want it so bad , do n't get me wrong it 's just that i have n't had it for a long time . i could already feel it going in so hard and coming out so soft and wet . no one has to know about this . i need it . i 'm desperate , but your help can be very grateful you must think i have a lot of nerve asking you for this , but i can feel my tongue around it sucking all the juice out until there 's no more left , this has been on my mind all day long and i hope i 'm not being forward , i 'm usually not like this , but ... . . can i have a piece of gum ??? lol
POS yo wut up just returnin the love later ! ----- ----- - mr. lazy -
POS john baby ; ; i love you =d ----- ----- i deff . can not wait till ----- ----- we get to hang out again ----- ----- like old times =] -RSB- ----- ----- remember that ill always ----- ----- be here for you no matter what ----- ----- cause you mean the world to me ----- ----- ----- ----- ? ----- ----- sammy -----
POS yo whats up man i aint at work i have been chillin at the crib all day i got that big check you know what that means its time to get fucked up later d-mo
NEU my cougars arent afraid of anything they will put your tigers to shame anytime ! laugh out loud
POS i been doing great ...
POS everybodys good ! how about you guys ? i tried to make it down a few weeks ago but got a little busy due to the ole miss games . ttyl ! ----- ----- p.s.happy birthday
POS you finnally added me from the past minn laugh out loud
POS how you doin.thanks for the add
POS hey cutieface ... ----- ----- you defult pic makes me wan na dance and smile and giggle and dance somemore ----- ----- but yeah ----- ----- hehehe ----- ----- < 33 anna
POS are we still on for burning man this year ? i 've got a great unicorn costume . you should be a satyr again .
POS i love you so much boo
POS hey jake what 's up playa ? how 's school goin ?
POS aww wus up blud i cnt believ i aint been ta da page yet ta show sum love but yea im doen so now !! so get bk at me !! love always ! ----- ----- ----- * nie *
NEU heavy sliddn !
NEG this is a little message for nasty , are we going to fight on kellen 's profile -LRB- that he never checks -RRB- or are you going to be a man and fight with me on my profile ?!?!? just kidding , bitch ! get rid of tom !
NEG i aint forgot about my niggy . whhat it is kid ? ----- get at me fammo im in nap town now cha lee . ----- ----- ----- ----- 2 fingas to the left kid ----- c bake
POS nuffffink :d jus urself :-RRB- :-RRB- lol.xx
POS wow , nice layout ! looks awesome ... oh , and i promise i wo n't tell mom what song you posted ... -LRB- ^ =
NEG yo beatch!i forgot you actually sent me a message on this , it was aaaages ago , but i am mentally retarded and did mean to send one back but never did!wot you been up2 lately ?? parpxxx
POS hey bobby ! ----- sounds so weird after all the different names ive made up for ya anyhow cheer up sis will b home soon and i hate down people hurts the wittyness that i hav as you call it ----- cheer up plz-ill buy you sum chocolate byexxx
POS be safe today ! hope you guys have a great 4th of july ! much love to you my brother ! miss you man .
POS happy thanksgiving !! i hope you had a blessed day ... have n't heard from you in awhile -- hope all is well .
NEG b **** i dont have a scaner to put my baby 's pic .
NEG call a nigga son
POS just went to kokua festival . it reminded me of that time we went and saw jimmy buffet . i think we were drunk that day . i do n't know i was too drunk to remember .
POS hey whats up i just wanted to write and say thanks for the add but anywho write me back and i guess ill talk to you laters
NEU hinkle !! what is this craziness of you not coming back ? im graduatin baby and comin back for business , you cant miss that !
NEU ----- this will add some spice to your page but will probably get annoying quite quickly as well . ----- enjoy
POS finally !!! and where the heck is georgia !? laugh out loud ----- ca n't wait to catch up with you guys !
NEU wut up
POS hey b.ready ... your profilr is so nice !!! i love it !!! well god bless . . see ya at the banquet table !!!
POS hey tay !!! i love you soooooooooooo much !!! you are sooooooooooooo beautiful EMO_HAPPY
POS happy birthday !! i love you ... i need your cell ----- hope you 're feeling better !!
POS hey there you sexy beast !! so i have n't talked to you in like forever ... you should come out to starved rock tomorrow night and root me on in the competition . take care buddy !
NEU kk just tell me when the try out rkk
NEG your a homo laugh out loud jp but wut you doing damn you are still asleep i bet
NEU hi bosley
POS what they do ? i was just stoping by your page . much love . ms. felisha
POS hey , i thought i might need to show my face just that i would show you some love !!!!!!!!!!! ----- love you boo !!!! ----- `` mrs , you already know ''
POS hey hom -LSB- eee -RSB- ... lol ! whats up ? you needs to come with me and aaron to the mall whenever we go ... otay ! you gotsta come over sometime ... k ? adios ... hasta la byebye ! -LSB- nia -RSB-
NEG stop being a pussy your whole life and find a way to get to jersy !
POS woohoo ! 1 ! why am i 1 ? ----- ~ julie
POS hey i was just stopping by and you do n't have nobody that gave you a coment so iwas just stoping by to give you some love
POS hey you wats up ?? long time no talk !! how have you been ??
NEU sure
POS happy 18th birthday vicky i hope you have a good day darling see you soon love ya as a mate lovce sam
POS have a great birthday !
NEU chek out our new videos ----- d los polvilleros in my page ----- my dad stars dancing
NEU hello leeroy , how are you ? was so battered the other night ! did you find paul ?
NEG ohh well arent we just an over achiever . . heheh just jokin thats a good thing ... andddd i am about to go but i will call you when im done cleanin ... i got ta clean the kitchen and dinnein room and living room ... so i gots alot to clean for only 20 freakin dollarsss !! but ill call you babe .
POS hey hunny , just wanted to say hi & see how you 've been . hope all is well ttul xo
NEG okay you need to pimp your page girl
NEG i think im going to keep dispatch to myself , you can have my kids in 20 years i dont car ill probable be sick of them by then anyways ... wait what was i going to say o yea your an asshole
NEG im not gunna put you in my top because you dont have me on you are top
POS hi rachel , how ru ? hope you are doing good !! talk to you later ! EMO_HAPPY
POS i love you uncle donnie
NEU hey up neil ! ----- you had a good weekend ? im still recovering . went in crown last night for a couple of drinks . two bottles of wine later ... ended up in v bar i was a wee bit drunk . all good fun EMO_HAPPY
POS que laa ?!?!? hey babe ... look i finally put up a new pik of me . lol . yay 4 me . anyways jus wanted 2 stop by n sho you are page sum luv . so yuh . im out . dale . i love u. mwahz
POS thanks i 'm glad to have you too as a friend.love melanie
NEG hey you fucker ! i 'll see you friday ! me and mel are comin out ! if that 's ok . seth said we could come so we are whether you like it or not bitch ! lol ! love ya quickie !
POS heeey , ----- thanks 4 acceptin the add , ----- did you have a good weekend ? ----- x x
POS hey hows it going ? thanks for the add
NEU im really missing you guys !!!!! how are you doing ??
POS just was stopping in to say hi . hope all is well , love and miss you !!! ~ kisses ~
POS great seeing you this week devin . hope all is going well .
POS heyy alex how are you doin you knw who this is shaquanna
POS happy birthday ! dude !!!
POS hey papa , ----- ----- i love your layout ! it is auesome !! ----- i am so glad you have a my space now ! ----- its it fun !
NEG who the fuck are you !!!!!
POS happy thanksgiving !
NEG anthony ! ----- oh no i dont know what is on mr.techz final !!
NEU . .
NEG fuck you
NEU and the story behind the -LRB- really very hot -RRB- carhart 's is ... ... ?
POS yay ! EMO_HAPPY it 's gon na be so rad . ha ha . what color are you going to do ?
POS im in love with andrew bird and beirut too EMO_HAPPY
POS so ... how the heck are you ?
NEG hey ... whats up ? you know what fuckin sucks ? i wo n't have any money for the app . and shit for the apt . for 2 weeks , it 's pissing me , off , and i 'm gon na try to get it soon ... i 'm so pissed , my check was only $ 100 , but , do n't worry , my next 1 will be about $ 350 . so it 's all cool . well , later .
POS thanks for commenting my page . your a cutie as well .
POS dewd . people are going to think you are a total bitch automaticly with that blurb ! you should let them come to that conclusion naturally ... lol . `` psych ! '' anyway , so glad you are back , love working with you ... love kickin it ! this weekend ... on like kong ... literally .
NEU hey is this kacy ???
POS i love you too !!!! glad to see you `` friend '' is no long your friend laugh out loud
POS laugh out loud hmm lets see , probably about mid way through the summmerr haha
POS first comment !! heheh i win . do i know you ?
NEU hey do we need to go toward knowxville to get home . or how bout through hot springs
POS hell ya . well good luck on that .
NEG yea i would have crushed that mutha fucka 's skull in ... i cant believe that shit ... i would have killed him
POS EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks calvin love you sexxxxy ----- ----- mwahhhh < 33
POS aye what up boi ... holla
POS wow i love you are songs but you have to go here mine it is so kool ... lol
POS miss you ! we want to know when you are coming back to chat ???? hope you are having a great time ! ----- love ya ----- aim and ali -----
POS my parents want me to go to concord carlsile . . they heard good stuff about it , so i 'll just be driving there . . no biggie . . oh , are you on varsity football ?
POS yea . some time i would like to play volleyball with you guys .
POS thanks for the add
POS i 'm in love with a shin . do n't tell ! ----- xoxo , ----- ----- kwm
POS wow !! i guess i am sooo cool ! thanks ! do n't forget micro this sat . wear white !
POS i want to watch video.what is malt ?
NEU hi
NEU so how was kings island and yo when do you work ?
POS heyy eddie ... was up long time no see ! ----- ----- hows your summer going ?? ----- ----- catch ya later buddy ----- ----- ----- ? anna
POS thanks for the add mate
POS just came by to say hi !
NEU sorry you gettin all you in your grill nikkie peace out
NEU check out my myspace somebody did something to it sould i leave it like that with all the music vidoes
POS kisses come see us at the mall ...
NEU how about i leave a msg for ya ----- come to millersburg now ... millersburg ... millers ... burg ummmmm yummy millersburger milersburg right now millersburg i know your fat and want some millersburgers
NEG you suck at the internet . just a friendly fyi .
POS hello how are you ?
NEU hey dork brain !!!! wow was a lil surprsisin seein you on my thingy long time no talk !!!!! i heard you are datin danielle which is awesome !!!! hopefully you are good to her as well is her to u !!!! well hope all is well and you are life is good !!! where you livin now ???? n e ways hit me back when you get this k !?!?!?! i since you got a girlfriend now that means well prolly see eachother at joce 's party tomorrow night so no hard feelins !!! i wish the best for you guys !!!! ----- xoxoxtara
POS hey , how are ya ?
NEU hey kat what you been up too ?
POS hey , crystal ! ----- i hope you had a wonderful christmas and that your 2007 is your best year ever !!!! miss you lots !
NEG when did i ever tell her that , i honestly do not recall .
POS yea we can
NEG chillin chillin you no tryna keep up on da finals man even though im bout to die !!!!!!!!
POS a had the baby ??? i bet she is just beautiful !!! big hugs for you and the baby !!! ca n't wait to see pictures ! love ya !!!!
NEG laugh out loud yeah true . im not looking forward to the shoping or the actual pictures at all
POS hi conner reede grandpa loves you
POS hey wats up dude we miss you sosososososososososososososossosososossososososososososososooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love ya man peace nigga
NEU cry me a river ... i need more rain around here ... j/k . there i added your pics ... happy now ??? love ya
POS thank you my good friend
NEU hey man ----- you marching at sc ? ----- i didnt see you after the game !
NEU thank you very much . i miss you too . you know , this thanksgiving and christmas is going to be very hard for me . miss you ...
POS dude we won a game . ----- we beat hudson by 11 points haha ----- so now we have an impressive record of 1-6 haha
POS hey , i wuv oou 2 , miss you lots , see ya soon . awesome pic . have n't heard the tune yet do n't know what happened will try to fix speaker .
POS hey girl !! you know that i will always be here for you and those three beautiful boys !! let me know anytime i can help . i will be there in a flash !! be strong and know that you have people that care and that are praying for ya !! love ya girl !! see ya soon !
POS row row row my blunt ----- twist it @ the end . ----- light it up and take ----- a puff , and pass it ----- 2 a friend !!! ----- keep my blunt goin ... ----- dont skip any homies !!!
POS yay !!!!!!!!!! im elissas first comment !!!!!!!!!!! hmm i still think you should of gone with allisoncurboismyidol but whatever dude !!!!
POS cool and worrd you right you are da only 1 laugh out loud ----- will joe start in football laugh out loud da coaches said dat about you
POS i had a great day thanks . been working all day today nd ive just come on here for a few mins before i go back 2 work , how about you wubu2 ? x
POS whatup hobag ? awesome time this weekend ! come to la
POS happy hump day . i love u !!!!!!
POS hhheeeellllllooooooooo ... aawwwww baby 's gettin so big !!!! damn we got alot of catchin up to do ...
NEG if it doent get called off
POS urban paradise !!! all you better come ! hahah info on my default EMO_HAPPY
NEG hey noodle brain !
NEG thanks ! i 'm doing ok.really anxious for ya 'll to get back ! i miss rob !! how are you doing ?
NEU watz gud ? c/b
NEU hey kids whats up i will be your mother if you dont have 1
NEU that is my 17 year old brother n law
POS hey you congrat hey but i am glad you had it ok well tell you are mom hi and britt and you dad and mike love you lots later ----- ----- heres my number so you can call me 7194749862
NEG hey i 'd pay huey , dewey and jigbooey , to shank you but , your safe in your little fag ward , so let mother nature take her course .
POS that is funny that you should leave that comment , because i just left one to my roommate making fun of the giants -LRB- her team -RRB- ! that was a pretty sweet score and i wish they could do that all of the time ... that would be amazing !!!!! oh and when hell freezes over i will root for the yankees ... so fat chance ... i will be rooting for the mets !!!!!!!!!!
POS i could totally go for some deep fried ravioli or a 5lb bad of fries !!! oh and do n't forget the cause of those wonderful meals ... could go for some of that too ... good times
NEG whats up dogg !!
POS your so confiedent ! ----- and i mean your funny ----- and you care about people feelings ----- gaw this is makeing me like you even more !
POS just droping by to see how you all are and say hello . take care
POS sweet thatd be awesome
POS hey man ill see you tomarow
POS keepin it real .
NEG only 5 friends ? ----- this is an outrage !
NEU give me a call
POS hey there hows it goin ? i havent seen you in forever , and when did you have a baby ?
POS hello my dear !!! sam has luckily got his hands on a room in the bedford park pub in streatham , which is now owned by the owner of the windmill in brixton . sam is gon na start doing gig nights there for all types of bands , and some club/party nights maybe too !!! all very exciting ! well anyways the 1st night is gon na be sat 30th , so y' all got ta come down !! love gem xxx
NEU wasup ? jasmin from iowa t0ld me this i ~ ll ringones internet-page
POS your welcome . ----- ----- oh yeah , do you remember the homework we had for extra credit for nplus ?
NEU thankkx!but hu are u?no afence !
NEU figgummssssssssssssssssss !!! hahaha
POS i love youu
POS peterrrr get better , i EMO_HAPPY you !
POS im fine sweetie ! not seen you in ages hun what you been doin ??? prob hidin from us lol !!! you havin a crazy weekend ? you have missed a couple of mad nights EMO_HAPPY my parents were away ----- muchos love xxx
POS hey baby ... i miss you to and i do n't have a bed partner either isac is at amy 's so i am alone too ! bj said whats up . ----- i love you baby and i ca n't wait to see you tomorrow ! ----- good night sweet dreams ----- i love you ! ----- oxooxoxooxoxoxox ----- kris
POS i just popped your comment cherry !!!! ----- ----- ----- laugh out loud haha
POS thanks 4 accepting my add
POS hey hottie ! laugh out loud ----- ----- welcome laugh out loud lame but im colin if you need to talk to someone im here .
NEG check your page more often frodo !
NEG not much just sitting around on a friday night . . sad huh > ? i must be old EMO_HAPPY
NEU yo you got aim
NEG mundelein ... ----- are team sucked ass but it was better when we won ----- ----- we played you both at home . . ----- so yah ----- im danny
POS hey sean ! how are u ?! i miss u , im so happy you got a myspace . how is everything going at college ? i have to have my applications in in about a week ... its awful ! laugh out loud well ill ttys love ya !
POS evening young man ... fancy doncaster at home on your birthday -LRB- ish -RRB- weekend ? its officially retro day so i 'm sure the silver surfer shoes will fit right in !
POS what up baby ?
POS hey hunny ! i 'm fine and dandy thanx . i 've only just managed 2 sign in on myspace cus its not been letting ... computer says no !! rubbish hey ! so how 's the lovely university of warwick then ? hope your not getting 2 drunk !! x x
POS happy birthday dude ...
POS hey , i uploaded your photo and am printing it out . cool beans.mom
POS hey , hey kid what is new ?
POS hey tortilla boi . . lol wat you been up 2me juss chillin well write back
NEU hey ya we did alright . i shot 3 and cory shot 3 . seen alot the first day but only decided to kill 3 that day , didnt see anything the following days . . thats how it goes tho.what you up to ? hows school going for you
NEU iin my break iis your brother home ...
NEU haha ! yeah very funny ! your just jelous cause im shorter than you !! ----- :-] ----- ? angel
POS let me know where and set up people who are interested and i 'll be there
POS hope that you all have a great holiday !!!!
NEU what up son
POS hey thanks 4 the add dude ----- ----- farnborough 6th ? or just have mates that go there ? ----- ----- emma ----- ----- x
POS heyahh babe x ----- ii love yuu x
POS hello josh EMO_HAPPY
NEU thanks for the compliment duane ... however you need to get the program straight lol !
NEG get your rat out
POS laugh out loud i wag my bum at you everyday ! ... wink wink ** too bad you only wag it bak ... laugh out loud
NEG i think you 'll find i did that on purpose . and you 've used a capital letter at the end of your name instead of the start . very poor gramma young man !!
POS happy birthday eric !!!!!!
POS hey mr crab , thanks for the add . love your hat & profile song . have a groovy easter weekend & stay away from the diy , you know it 's a killer during bank holidays . love n hugs x
NEU que onda puto ? ----- oh wait let me translate that for you black man > ! ----- whats up friend ? ----- haha ----- aye wey you want some feathers ?
POS doin good.cute baby , but what is that next to it ? =p
POS laugh out loud i havent had too much c/w not as much as i expected . what subjects did you take ? iv just got back from the farnham college open evening , it doesn look half bad EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- ummm tbh not bin up to much at the wkends , alot of shopping and chillin , and i now work sundays at argos ! woop woop haha . hannahs party was pretty good in the end =d ----- ----- you been up to anything exciting ? ----- ----- welcome back love you xxxxxxxxxxxxx
POS you are such a hottie . ----- laugh out loud ----- i heart you .
POS whew that was one intense game of softball on saturday :d
POS hello ----- ----- i hope you had a lovely birthday and weekend . ----- ----- keep it metal ----- ----- cilgrug
NEU i popped your comment cherry EMO_HAPPY you need to add some words , and some pictures . i feel like i 'm looking at an empty room or something
POS hey sup man how are ya how is life treatin you im doing good i just got done with ma colege applications so thats a big release
POS hey . ----- ----- i havent talked to you in soo long . i miss you ? we need to hang out soon . this summer you need to come to my house and swimmin . well im glad you finally got a myspace . now we can talk EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- ? brii
POS hello !
POS hi tom ! hope you are okay !? looking forward to uni ? kinda wish i was goin now!lol ! maybe one day when i grow a brain cell!lol ! hope you are good ----- faybe x
POS watup thuggin ... how is ursuline treatin ya ? you no i miss you keep ballin over there tho . maybe we 'll chill one day . have funn you know ----- - vic
POS ana you rock !!!!! love the slide show ...
NEU miss you guys
NEU oh ... . . my ... ... god . ----- ----- laura has got a myspace . what was it you said at work ? something like ' i dont need myspace , i 've got a real life ' .
POS happy b day sister i tried to call you yesterday n could not get a hold of you so this is the next best thing , love you
NEU kacey ! ----- i miss you ! ----- call me , and let 's hang out soon . ----- ?
POS hey chick - where you now in the world ??? i 'm now in laos and loving it . big love to ya xxxxxxxxxxxx
POS hey you !! hope the holidays have been good to you and yours .
POS hey i like you are backround its cool
POS happy smurfday ... -----
NEG damn nigga you fake as fuck wit you are fat ass you lucky i had your back earlier but fo real take them pics off before they find out you fake
POS well i was bored but now i am going to dinner with tara and amen and then we are going to see the movie the pursuite of happiness ! ----- so yea
NEG dangg foo . i dont wan na enterr this one . im sorry ferr surr .
NEU sorry how do you spell it ?? laugh out loud im waiting until the spring semester to start school .
POS i love you mwah !!! < 33 ----- ----- you knoe who ?
POS helloooooooo
POS good day sir !! ----- you have an event to reply to on facebook !! ... but a text would be magic !! ----- you out tonight ?? ----- hope your well . ----- ----- love ya .
POS hey boy ! how are you doin !! gettin ready for college ?
NEG damn did you see that game it was fucking bad as fuck !!!!!
POS thnax for the add !
NEG i signed the pention ----- ----- that website was soo sad ----- i cryed for like 20 minutes ...
POS we missed you at the movies last week ! although yo did not miss a lot with that movie ! i hope to see you soon ! let me know if you need anything !!!!!!!!!
POS sup james , sup cuz , laugh out loud nah I do n't know if i am i think i going football , i think i just might stick with basketball , I do n't know but i going play senior year gurrintees , laugh out loud well talk to you later
POS had to be the first to leave a comment on your page laugh out loud love yous
NEG just because you want to lick my bumhole
POS you would have this song ! ha ha good stuff !!
NEU no im not just cause i asked im a flirt.lo hhahaa
POS ayah . ----- i ? u ! ----- ----- ? $ h & ! l @ .
POS hey sis just showin sum love
POS wow i feel so special - personalised comment on how im a bitch ! :d you know its all lies , you love me really !! xxx
POS hey sarah how are you ?????????
POS happy birthday !!!!!!!! i hope all is well , and hopefully we will all catch up soon !
POS whats up ... howz you are summer been
NEU like the videos bob you tore the shit out of that blocking sled ! you should have went pro .
POS robbie you my numbah one homie .
POS there is nothing wrong with your details ... mine are the same . .
POS hey cuz ----- ----- how are you ? thanks for asking me to be your myspace buddy ! ----- ----- what have you been up to lately ? ----- ----- gem xxxx
POS thank you for adding me.can ' t wait to get to know you better ...
POS merry christmas !
POS hey babe i love you so much it really sucks that we dont get to see each other much now i hate it EMO_HAPPY only 2 more years and we 'll get to see each other alot EMO_HAPPY so yeah i hate school and work . . just got done watching oltl EMO_HAPPY now im watchin gh waiting to go back to work ... so excited !! ha ha yeah right ... who knows maybe i will quit today EMO_HAPPY just kidding oh yeah by the way ... you need to hurry up EMO_HAPPY ive been waiting ... lol by love !!!
NEG i see you finally made a myspace page !! loser !!
NEU want to go to publix ?
POS happy birhday buddy !
NEU yo hoochie mama , i saw your papa 's myspace . lico righhhht ? but that is -LSB- my -RSB- jonathan 's cousin ! hahahaha i saw him in his pictures , what a small ass world , huh ? but yeah , did you find your dress yet ? ----- ----- oh em geee , this is like the third time i wrote this comment 'cause your comment box is like on craccccck , k byeeeeee booch !
POS cheers for the add ! ----- feel free to drop by and leave a comment ! ----- ----- birmingham x
POS happy b-day gabbi . i love you .
POS hey sexy whats up ?
POS toby !! where yah been all my life ?
POS hey pimp we really need to hang out again soon , im in need of a very strong drink !
POS we are hanging out before you go to basic my friend !!!!!!!!!!!
POS thanks for the add request !!! ----- ----- xoxo ----- janine siu ----- www . janinesiu . com
POS i love you ! i love you ! i love you ! im about to get a couple man , and i ll put a name on one for you ! give me your address now . so that i may contact you ! im on here every so often so i can right more then i can get on here !
POS hey baby ... ----- god i miss you i cnat wait to see you again !! ----- love ya and always will ----- you are best friend
POS big win buck !!!!
POS hey ! i 'm going to be in austin starting this friday through monday for acl . we should get together for drinks or meet up during the day if you are going to the shows . give me a ring .
POS hey mamores ... ----- haha im the first one to comment yup yup ... ----- well hey im just showing you are ass some love even though you just left to the home!hahaha you know the way we have fun ... well yea ... love you pumba ! ----- timon & pumba ----- ? 4 eva !!
NEU i got it made in chicago when i went there why
POS llama 's are wonderful !
POS hey lee !! thought id leave you a message even tho you neva eva message back !!! how you doin ? not seen you about for agggeezzz ! hope alls good :d ----- ----- x x x
POS ey up , have a good weekend ? if you use msn at all and fancy a chat sometime , i 'm on : clarky1979 . co.uk
POS whats poppin sexy you kno i had to cum sho ya space sum love bring it back
NEG we have ridiculed the absolute truth of your word and called it pluralism . ----- ----- we have worshiped other gods and called it multiculturalism . ----- ----- we have exploited the poor and called it the lottery . ----- ----- we have neglected the needy and called it self-preservation . ----- ----- we have rewarded laziness and called it welfare . ----- ----- we have killed our unborn and called it choice . ----- ----- we have shot abortionists and called it justifiable . ----- ----- we have neglected to discipline our children and called it building self-esteem . ----- ----- we have abused power and called it political savvy . ----- ----- we have coveted our neighbours ?? possessions and called it ambition . ----- ----- we have polluted the air with profanity and pornography and called it freedom of expression . ----- ----- and we have ridiculed the time-honoured values of our forefathers and called it enlightenment . ----- why cant we just love , honour and respect eachother ??
POS wut up foo !!! ima bout to bounce out but just showin sum love !!
POS happy birthday , i doubt youll see this for awhile , put our song on my page , the mutherfucking reeeeeeeeeeeeeal ! i just remember back in the day , sitting on your porch smoking cheap as private stocks waiting for some adventure ! miss the shit out of you !!!! lylas
POS wats good white chocolate , lol . aint talk 2 you since da movies . wats happennin ? holla back when you get dis
NEG oh did some one hack you are some thing
POS dude ... i was just thinking about you . hope you are doing well !
POS i think matt may want you bad . haha .
NEU hey , i just took the so ... survey on survey machine ! you can see my results here - you should take it too !
POS did she say tiz-ight , anyway . `` if she really wanted me to relax , she would have said , go grab your favorite pillow , curl up on the couch , throw this tape away and rela ... hax rela . . hax !
POS yo :-RRB- . i forgot to find out what kind of background you would like on your profile -LRB- so i can write the code ^ ^ -RRB- .
POS what 's good o - ----- i hope you had a great time celebrating your birthday and i wish you many more .
POS hi sista ... hope you can log on soon ... i love ya ... hope everything is good back in rap ... love you . . ttyl ...
POS i have a question for you but i realized i ca n't ask you it through a comment for certain reasons - hehehe - so call me sometime - we 'll catch up as well
POS oh , my dear , i love you too ! ----- ----- it has been far too long ! ----- ----- oh for the holidays ... when i might see you again !
POS ahh the smeagsters !!! laugh out loud
POS yo dogg what it ----- dooooo ----- how have you been ?!
NEG quyen who ?? ;d we 're not close friends . i do n't like that girl . when you see her tell her , i 'm going to beat her up . !
POS whats up cousin havnt really talked to you in a while ?
NEU . .
POS thanks for the addd
POS hey baby ... first comment ... :d
NEU yooo ! remember when lily -LRB- leung lady -RRB- abandoned our group in mr. snyder 's -LRB- mobeeeeeel daii -RRB- class ?! ----- what 's good , man ? it 's been years , holla back .
POS thanks for the add
NEG err . . ur a crazey passy err you err be scareyin me friendz off myspace err . . konntz is off now so get off passy fuck
NEU hey babe , you have 2 do a beta pro than this !!! at least put a pic up laugh out loud
NEU so did you fix that damn truck of urs yet ?!! haha
POS hey how are things going ? i like you new background ? i 've been learning how to snowboard . its been fun glade that spring is comming . take care
POS yes !! haha ! whats you doin love
POS what is up man ! ----- you need to stop by sometime .
NEU sweet ... there growing too fast ... o-well that 'll happen ...
POS wat poppin lil sis ?
NEU crack mouse killzz ----- hahahahhahaahahha
POS thats pretty good mom im proud of you
POS thanks for the add !!! ----- ----- -LRB- i had to say it ! -RRB- lol !!! ----- ----- go go go !!! nashville news !!!!
NEG hey brandon . ----- whoa i havent talked to you in forever . ----- well that might be , because everytime i was at the rink , you looked at me like you didnt even know me . ----- but thats okay . i guess ----- it kinda hurt my feelings but w. . e ----- i still love you too . ----- i miss you alot . ----- and yeah my dad is pissing me off really bad . ----- i miss you . ----- brudda < 3
POS hey ! we can tell stephanie made this her pictures are all over it !! :-RRB- im gon na go get the pictures from the party developed !!!
POS hey betty , it 's me zoink ... how are you lately ? EMO_HAPPY xxx
NEU hey . . uhm wo are you . ? apparently you know me and all my friends and we have never ever even heard about you . can you plz plz plz with a cherry on top tell me ho you are ?
NEG hey whats up ? not much here ... just got home from work ... and really bored lol .
POS waddup head ;p jus showin you sum luv . holla atcha boy !
NEG heavan do you like magic ? ----- i didnt think you did but if you dont y you talk to tricks ?
POS haha , k kellen , we need to get you some more friends ... and more pictures and fun stuff !!! you can find thi and marc under my friends EMO_HAPPY
POS go to bed now . i love you !!!
POS hey just passing through to say hi and let you know i have a new saturday spot in jerz called feel good lounge ... starting this saturday ... let me know if you can come through ... ----- ----- ps when you get a chance check out my new song the things you do with nina sky and red cafe ... thanks ...
POS yay !!! you joined myspace !!!!
NEG stealing
POS just wanted to say hi !!! & 2 see how you are doing . all is ok on my end . ----- love , ----- traci
POS twas nice seeing you and the girls this x-mas . hope you have a great new years ... . . don & sheryl
POS how 's maine ? :d ----- i like live in rhode island now . . like about 4 hours away from maine itself so i hope maybe just maybe to attend the family picnick thing : o
POS i am good . i got just engaged to my gf !
NEG whats up ugly
POS happy birthday abby !
POS hey baby , just wanted to tell you how much i love you , and that you are such a great father ... our son will grow up with the best parents !!!!
POS heyy you need more comments . . soo here they are ... lol
NEG was up con i call you fool ... . . pick up homie
POS best couple right hereeeeeee !
POS whats up . ----- ask fes to add you to his friends list .
NEU that shirt says ... this is what cool looks like ... lol ? i guess he thinks he is cooler then he is
NEG hey you fucking punk did you forget about your people or what . wait till i see u , you are a dead manhahahhaahaha . by the way tomorrow i go the 38th mp 's and get my packet . i already have my 322r and i am on my way ... hit me dawg later ...
POS we all miss you like hell . i cant make it sun cause im goin campin wit my mom but i wish i could b there . wana c you belly you need to send us pic of you and you little gurl i still have the one on my phone . you were a joy to work wit and no one can replace u. if you get bored and need money in a few years you know where to go laugh out loud talk to you later muah
POS hey prima just droping bye showing you some love well hopefully you are doing go with my primo latez talk to you laterz
POS thanks ! you can , but it 'd be more like the `` fred '' from `` scooby doo '' freddie prinze . anytime you 're home , let me know , and we can play .
POS simply amazing .
NEG if i did n't know better i 'd say you wrote this , anyway thought you might like it . ----- ----- now i sit me down in school ----- ----- where praying is against the rule ----- for this great nation under god ----- finds mention of him very odd . ----- ----- if scripture now the class recites , ----- it violates the bill of rights . ----- and anytime my head i bow ----- becomes a federal matter now . ----- ----- our hair can be purple , orange or green , ----- that 's no offense ; it 's a freedom scene . ----- the law is specific , the law is precise . ----- prayers spoken aloud are a serious vice . ----- ----- for praying in a public hall ----- might offend someone with no faith at all . ----- in silence alone we must meditate , ----- god 's name is prohibited by the state . ----- ----- we 're allowed to cuss and dress like freaks , ----- and pierce our noses , tongues and cheeks . ----- they 've outlawed guns , but first the bible . ----- to quote the good book makes me liable . ----- ----- we can elect a pregnant senior queen , ----- and the ` unwed daddy , ' our senior king . ----- it 's `` inappropriate '' to teach right from wrong , ----- we 're taught that such `` judgments '' do not belong . ----- ----- we can get our condoms and birth controls , ----- study witchcraft , vampires and totem poles ----- but the ten commandments are not allowed , ----- ----- no word of god must reach this crowd . ----- ----- it 's scary here i must confess , ----- when chaos reigns the school 's a mess . ----- so , lord , this silent plea i make : ----- should i be shot ; my soul please take ! ----- amen
POS x-box 360 for halo 3 dude !! you 're too funny !!!
POS thinking of you ;-RRB- ~
POS watz gud sexi baby ??? jus stoppin by 2 show you sum love on you are page !!! holla biak !!!!
POS thanks yours are pretty good too !
POS thanks for finding me . cool page . keep the metel alive . best of luck .
NEU cal me bitch ! lol ! what are you doing this weekend ? camping ?
POS hey how are u ??
POS hey hows u ??? you home for xmas time ???
NEU i thought you could appreciate the absurdity of it all ... ----- ----- -----
NEU hey watsup , are you goin to ellenville for memorial day weekend this year ?
POS laugh out loud sweeet , , , , , , frm b-ham ma lady . hopes you are all gd ne ways , ----- welcome back brynn x
POS mommyhood has been great . we are getting ready to move up there . so yay !
POS hi mom , i 'm pretty good . just trying to meet everybody
POS just wanted 2 come thru and say thanks 4 tha friend request ... take care . . and do n't b a stranger
POS hey ! got the pictures . . ca n't wait to hold jaden he is beautiful ... i sent his package mon so hopefully it will get there soon . . also yours , melissa and jadens christmas is on the way to . . bet your glad to be back in guam will be glad when you all get to come home . . love to all mawmaw
NEU was just strolling by ... how 's life over there ?
NEU put me in you are top friends !!!
POS nice meeting you the other night ! tell christina she needs to get with the program so she can actually have a drink at dinner one day ! haha ! ----- - ashley
NEG loserific . . thats u. . i will slice you are neck with a battle ax
POS thanks for looking me up and adding me ! i 'd love to stay in touch . andy and cory became my new `` sons '' over the last few weeks.such polite , handsome young men !! julie and leann became my sisters , having gone on this journey together has forever bonded us !! let them both know that as soon as i hit walmart on wednesday for ink and photo paper that pictures are on their way !!!!
NEU hi tim
POS my dear , i hope you got home okay ... heard you were half way ... lawrence has given chris hayfever , but otherwise is mostly sleeping on your bed ... i 'll be sure to boss him around soon , get him to make my bed and pack my bag EMO_HAPPY i will miss you though i have not seen you often enough . postcards will be the new communique , and maybe once in a while you can check your myspace or shock horror , even your email ! hope you feel better , big hug , lots of love , kate xxx
NEU hey there how have you been i saw you driving saturday i think but you never looked over
POS hey saw that you did not have a comment so i thought that i would drop one off !!!
NEU what up pimp juice ?
POS * smiles from ear to ear and hugs josiah back * im glad you like it . * he walks up to layel * qhat would you like ?
POS brah ... what you been up to ? i 'm comming cali in three weeks if you like hang out .
POS thanks for the add !!
POS enjoy ----- . . width = `` 425 '' height = `` 350 '' >
NEG you dont have all the intresting stuff up on here about you like where you were born and all i think that kinda stuff rocks you just put the basics and you need alayout get busy bro ... lol
POS hey there . long time no see EMO_HAPPY
POS happy birthday !
POS i love you
POS ----- ----- ----- ----- this ----- is ----- so ----- funny ! ----- ----- ----- -----
NEU west west
POS well sup johnathon c ? have n't heard from you . call me again sometime .
POS a you are babies are so cute ! they 're so big now ... especially you are daughter . . she 's beautiful .
POS happy mother 's day monica ! hope you are having a good one !
POS guess what i called and got today ??? yup , it 's taken care of ... finally . thanks for making me do that EMO_HAPPY ----- ----- great pics you posted on mine and amanda 's page !!! i guess paybacks are a bitch huh ... lol
POS aww i miss you too ! i 'm coming in town for fall break this wed-sun so i 'm coming to visit you on thurs so you better be working !!! ahh !
POS hey !!!
POS hey baby ----- wan na go to the club tonite ? ----- you looked hot yesterday ----- i love you so much you are the hottest girl in the world ----- ----- love you so much ----- - brad
POS most def give me a call-maybe we 'll go to village inn !! :-RRB-
NEG hey little hooker i am gon na miss you !!!
POS yo john ! its been good , i 'm a senoir now ! hows college treating u ?
POS tell justin i 'm sorry and i love him soooooooooo much !
NEG nothing much ... just here bored !!!! can i get a job ... save me from this boredom ... EMO_HAPPY
POS hey baby just wanted to say hi and i love you !!! hope you are keeping out of trouble !! i miss you and ca n't wait to see you again!till then ... . . kisses !!
POS thanks for the add jeremy !! got ta love those macross toy pics . sadly i do n't have them anymore ...
POS merwin it is hugo i aad you as my top firend
NEU hey whats up
NEU well , my `` lovely '' is gone , but never forgotten . ----- i miss you so freakin ' much ! ----- i hate that our schedules kept us apart . ----- and i 'm so sorry for not being there for you when you needed me . ----- but i 'm sure you 've heard me say it already ... ----- i loved you like my best friend . ----- and i pray that i get to see you again someday . ----- ----- love ~ ----- your lovely
POS yo is conrad at home ??
NEU considering you 've lost about 100 , i guess i wont be seeing much of you anymore .
NEG all of you are old !!!!!!!!!
POS you one flovarful bboy man . . love seein you get down and rep it . . you look like you always have fun . . haha . . it was dope to watch fs kill it . . stay up bro . . see you soon . . next time villn and i will be in it . . peace ----- ----- mpact
POS ha , sorry i have n't checked my myspace in forever and i just got you are last comments . i left that gift in appreciation for your generosity in letting me borrow your truck ; i new you would hold it dear to your heart . i was going to replace the cubs bat on teh keychain , but i could n't find a bat like the one that you have . and no we did not get the chance to go out to springfield.nice background * cough *
NEG hey hoe bag ! go take your blood pressure again ! lol .
NEU get at tha default
NEU hey girl , where have you been ... i missed you after you stopped coming to classes at image . i looked for you at graduation but you were n't there . how are things going with you ? get any gigs ?
POS wow ! a thunderstorm ! i love thunderstorms.they can be exciting ! ttyl ! auntie tiffy
POS hey hows you ? ----- ya have a good night the other week ?? ----- xxx
POS we are well ... hey i 'm having a birthday picnic on march 15th . . think you could come ?
POS zdr . macka kak si skupa ? ----- mnogo si sexy . . are da mi doidesh na gosti ? ... ----- ----- cents 3/4 roses are ----- red ----- violets are korny , ----- when i think of you ----- ohh baby i get horny , ----- eat me , ----- beat me , ----- bite me , ----- blow me , ----- suck me , ----- fuck me , ----- very slowly , ----- if you kiss me , ----- do n't be sassy , ----- use your tongue and make it nasty !!! ----- pass this on to atleast 8 people ... if you get it back atleast 5 times , you know your a sexy beast ----- pass it on to anyone you think is fucking sexy cents 3/4
POS haha prolly was EMO_HAPPY but i guess theres a time for everything laugh out loud ----- i 'll prolly meet you next conference or sumthing EMO_HAPPY
NEU st elizabeth ann seton hospital-long term care patients . they moved to layfette from kokomo . look it up online and apply they are always hiring . ttyl . . dana
NEU did you and gordie take those pics at the same time ???? weirdos . . lol
POS haha the first half of high school , the other we were opposites ! and it doesnt matter your in college now laugh out loud
POS happy birthday beautifil ... hope you see many more . . better yet i know you will ... god bless you . . stay up
NEU hey dude
POS bout time too ! laugh out loud naw buh thanks chu fa `` un-lamin '' my page laugh out loud it look real good now =] ... sike ! naw j/p doe EMO_HAPPY anywayz i was jus comin thru 2 bless yo page an also tell you good luck wit those exams an dun 4get yo helmet , i mean thinkin cap EMO_HAPPY be easy mr ** huggz & & mwahz ** ----- ----- * = x emmy x = *
POS i miss you to you cutie !! tell your mom i miss her bunches tooo !!!
POS who-dey and thanks for the add ! k-kidd
NEG spam spam spam , quit fucking spamming bulletins ... your not really a 21 year old woman . . your a fat 40 year old man sitting in his mums basement wanking all day spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam
POS buttercup !
POS thanks !
POS happppest birthday starrrr !!!!!! ----- we gone get it on n poppin ' dis weekend so get ready ... ... see you lata muah
NEU wazz up fool how you dooin man you get that shit fixed on you are car or what ...
POS just come 'n thru ta see how you are doin leave me love talk to you later
NEG just wanted to say hello ! im going to call you about gsi ... i think i fucked that up EMO_HAPPY but its a good place to work for . ill tell you more about it ...
NEU 6 years of withstand - wicked shivers -----
POS hhhhhiiiiiiiiiiii how you doin there pal ... . lmao
NEU hey , i have to go to a party with jason 's friends EMO_HAPPY you guys should come over tommarow . let me know ...
POS right on another taurus on the cusp , congrats , and happy birthday , i knew there was a reason i liked your smile
POS hi mom !!
POS hehe very good choice n very sexy laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY god i think of the greatest names hehe silly bugger me n sophie are gon na ave words wit the dude in charge laugh out loud EMO_HAPPY gooody n glad you are okay you n louis all good ? love you xxx
POS this was absolutely wicked , i ca n't wait to come again oh yeah !
NEU hey ! so have n't heard from you in a long time ... what 's up with that ! well , i would n't mind hearing from ya ... when you 're not too busy . ----- ----- ~ liz ~
POS a yo telemundo i will drink a few for you at the reception
POS feels so sorry for all the women that missed out on such a great guy that i have found !! love ya !!
NEG how am i a hater you fucker so do you have a girl yet or are you still tring to get back with april yall was such a cute couple what ever happened but let me tell you this she looked so much happier with you then that fag mike well talk to you later !!! ----- ----- ----- megan
POS yo yo yo brotha !! wats goin on wit you ? hows high school for ya ? just sendin my love from mississippi !! well be good and dont get in trouble ! always remember i love you and hopefully i will be out of `` a '' school and be homw for the holidays . maybe around thanksgiving . i get 2 weeks leave !!
POS sup man hows it going in san antonio .
NEU yea but but hit me up 936-572-2393
NEU who are you ?
POS about time lol ... . bro keep up the good work and i wish you good luck this year
POS happy , happy birthday ... it 's a great day and you are a great friend !
POS sexy baz , disco baz , hot !! ----- xx
POS i like it how i saw you at kandyland 2 ! ----- and i like it how i have a picture of seth grabbing your boobie . ----- mwahaha . ----- i love you . ----- and i was really happy that i saw you . ----- you should go to gettin ' lucky . ----- k bye ! : : waves frantically : : ----- ----- < 333 : monique
NEU tell your gay boyfriend to get a myspace page !! hows it going ? cant wait till the rounds ...
POS hey mike just stoppin by yo page to show some love aiight do n't act like you do n't know how to return it .
NEG ey you are not 19 ...
NEU ill bet . its alright , hide your true feelings.but i still miss you guys !
POS hey hottstuff ! just wanted to say that i love you !!! hope you like this ! ... ?
POS i miss you mi amigo . how are you ? ?
NEU do you recognize my song ?
POS i miss you too !!! come see me soon !
POS well some girls av got ta be reminded once in a while.seriously you are x
NEU foley we should go party for cinco de mayo ... ur mexican right ! lol !
POS hey thnxs 4 the pic comment hows u ? no spoken 2 ya 4 ages xxx
NEU hahaha !! shady asss !!
POS i looked at the picture , she is adorable .
POS psssst , psssssssssssssst , hey you . wassup
NEU what up buddy . havent seen ya for awhile hope all is well and you makin it to classes . no you heard about steve gettin the boot at our internship what a dumbass but i got a good laugh out of it
POS yes , i do own shirts , and believe it or not , most of the time , i wear them too lolol
POS oh zermey ! haha welp your wife just wrote to me so i decided to write to you too , dont you feel specail ! im so stoked to see you and the fam -LRB- holly and the puppy -RRB- ! all i have left to worry about is this last week then im golden ! big gulps huh welp see ya later ! ----- ----- kels
NEU what part of dundun do you live at
POS he he cool
POS matey you getting the 300 back tomorrow afternoon yeah ? ----- you wan na take your ski stuff out of my locker before hand so i dont forget ? laugh out loud ----- cheers for the present again , you 're actually the biggest legend . ----- geog buddies for life -LRB- y -RRB- haha ----- xxx
POS congratulations ! well , that is if he shows up ... lol !
POS hey wuz up sexy im jux drppin some love for you
POS lily thanks for my new camera love ya girlie !
POS hey you !! i 'm coming down to la and i 'm going to be staying with christina & randy for a night or two july 19th ... i have a conference near lax ... maybe we can catch each other ?
NEG hey fucknuts when are you coming back
POS ya !!! i am the new member of hd and we will kick some baily aasss
NEG mudd butt
POS merci for your comment ! how are you ? and your music ? you 'll come to hungary this summer ?? it would be awesome . ----- puszi , zsuzsi
POS dave just waned to say thanks for the cruising guide . it saved my life to many time to count !
POS i 'm gon na go ahead and wish you happy birthday now 'cause with how often i 've been on myspace/facebook lately , i will have missed it by several months if i wait a moment longer . have a lot of fun ! and do n't walk down any dark hallways . terrible people might try to scare you . ----- ----- but ... i 'm over that . -LRB- did you know the trauma therapists in seattle are some of the greatest in the nation ? -RRB- ----- ----- i had fun dancing with you a few weeks back - did you guys ever go on that double date you were mentioning ? well , i hope life is going well and that you 're enjoying basement life . i miss it . take care and i 'll see you hopefully sooner rather than later !
POS hey bro . ----- i stole your idea . i 'm sorry . ----- but i love it !!!
POS it was a late night in the club ; she was winding and spinning around the pole as if she was an angle on ice . her audience was amazed as she was able to bend in many ways . ruby twirled around once more as her hair moved with her body . the music filled the place and there was more drunk bastards filling the place then usual , she watched from the corner of her eye as they tried to get a feel when she bent forward . she placed both hands on the pole as she pulled herself up she bent backwards spreading her legs apart slowly moving down the pole . she spun to the bottom as she finished her routine . claps and whistles from the men filled the room . she smiled as she walked down the stairs and over towards the bar where she got herself a martine .
NEU yo ...
POS happy birthday , daddy ----- EMO_HAPPY
POS hey leah how ae u ? hows it going in good old kett ? is the work gd ? and how is simon doing ? its awesome here have bin out loads and am very tired but it is all good . had my 1st lectures today aswell . ----- catxxxxxx
POS my site the bomb hahahaha
NEG you are space is tres nul ...
POS yeah , what tony said . are you coming to vegas with us in march ?
POS happy birthday goose !!
POS your family will be in my prayers ! ----- - love tay
POS hey chris whats up hope everything is going alright for you and marry early x-mas
POS bish ----- i popped your ----- `` comment cherry '' ----- now what you gon na do ----- mwahahahaha ----- you are gon na get ----- myspace pregnant ----- EMO_HAPPY ----- but boyah im out ----- so much love n lata ----- & hearts & hearts & hearts xoxox & hearts & hearts & hearts
POS ashlee laughed as she closed the door to the joining rooms and laughed `` sorry nope , it 's ashlee , jennifer is n't here yet , and she would n't be coming in from that door '' ashlee said with a laugh as she pointed to the door that she just came through . krys seemed a little different then ashlee thought but she 'd learn to deal and like this girl . ashlee went over and sat down on one of the two beds that were in the room looking out the window . ----- ----- there was a bird that landed on the railing of the balcony that was for the two joining rooms , and ashlee smiled . then she looked back at krys putting all of her things in the dresser and hanging shit up . why bother hanging things up if you dont need to ? `` so you stayin for the whole summer to ? '' ashlee asked her . it was june 20th . the first day that everyone was going to be there , but some of the people had to leave early , ashlee just wanted to make sure the krys was n't one of them
POS waz ^ homey hows it hangin ????
POS good stuff . xxx
POS o hello christina -LRB- tanishas mom -RRB- :d ----- ?
POS ~ ** well hello there my lil harry potter ! . . lol . . how are you doing ? better be good ! well , tell your mama , i said , hello ! ... talk to ya laterz ... muah ! ** ~
NEG you big wet fart
NEU sup ?
POS i like how i totally take over all your myspace pix hahaha ----- it was really good seein you this weeknd , unfortunate that we all had to see eachother under those circumstances.hope your doin better , get ahold of us some time come see our shitty apartment we miss you EMO_HAPPY
NEG you suk !
POS everybody 's got ta have their fast toys !
NEU you do n't even wan na know what it 's gone take fa me to let you in the studio ... lol
POS hey cutie ----- merry christmas !!
POS ----- heyy , whats up ?
POS just wanted to say thank you for making me a daddy again and that i love you
POS heyy bud ... it was good seein you the other day at the movies ... we should do it again sometime
POS haha kool kool ... wel i took a tad older dan i used 2 now :d lol ! nufink reli jus being a bum as usall :d munchin away da norm laugh out loud xxxxx
POS wassssup cashflow !
NEG dont even think about the possibility of there being three . thats way too much for anyone to have to cope with . ----- ----- bring a tranquilizer gun just incase !
POS ca n't wait for saturday !!! i am so excited !!
NEU til october ... . . ----- gahhh , ----- thats a long time from now ----- oh well ... . ----- so whats going on down in cleveland ??????
NEU i really should n't be asking you for this but i want it so bad do n't get me wrong it 's just that i have n't had it for a long time i could already feel it going in so hard and coming out so soft and wet . no one has to know about this , i 'm desperate , but your help can be very grateful you must think i have a lot of nerve asking you for this but i can feel my tongue around it sucking all the juice out until there no more left , this has been on my mind all day long and i hope i 'm not being forward but can i have a piece of gum ? -----
POS ehhhhhhhhh wat is up
NEG on some real ass shit stop leavin fucking message on my page bitch or you are gon na see how many bullet it will take to drop you are lil ass and do n't act like my brother wo n't fuck up you aint know fuckin blood clown ass nigga
NEU I do n't know you look like you just listen to a lot of rock
NEU hi
POS tim !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEU you are page seemed to b lackin sum flava and sexciness and most importantly sum wit so who better to give you sum then tha sexy ass senior who was voted wittiest of 2007 ???????????? ----- ----- i 's here now . ----- holla
NEU you know when you and dan ok for < megazone
POS yep ! what have you been up to ?
POS hey michelle , how are things going for you guys . my wife and i are living in pa. now with our first child on the way in dec. .
NEU yea i know !! everytime i work out a plan to it falls through ! ive had to workthe past several mondays and now were going outta state . . but ima come when i get back which 'll be in 2 mondays i think ... anywho ... ttyl gubye !
POS john you did it once again . you went all out and over achieved . what a web page cool games 4 all of us 2 play . best pge on myspace . i dont no how you do it.terrorstorm video is so cool i showed my history teacher . he said that the video was on the money when it came 2 the truth about what really happend on sept 11th . thanks 4 waking me up . now i could sleep much better at night .
POS hey girl !! its been soo long ... i really miss ya . anyway , nice page ... jus thought i 'd make it a lil better :--RRB- the numbers still the same . holla at me sometime love ya
POS wow !!! are you excited ?? i am very excited for ya !! good luck , buddy !!!!
POS happy belated birthday !! did you party it up ?
POS chuck chuck chuckle vision chuckle vision chuckle vision !!! - jimmy has a perrrrty face !
POS sup delta . ----- carry on ! ----- lt
NEG i have just realized you post way to much shit ... hell it seems like i am getting a play by play of your life ... lol
POS joooolllz ----- thanxxx
POS just wanted to know why i 'm not your top friend ??? i 'm glad you got your kiln !!! what time are you leaving on friday ? hopefully i can come look at it this weekend !
POS aww i love you too honey
POS hye girl , your so welcome , i graduated may 2nd ... im going back in august for my rn . how have things been with you ?? how is your life going ? good i hope.im doing good just trying to find shit to do all summer !!! talk to you soon !!!
NEU it 's ok . busy . i saw chance at a football game . does he like it down here ?
NEU hey miss ! how are u ? sorry it 's been a while since i wrote but alot 's been going on i moved , hubby went overseas , i beame a mama to a puppy , taking care of dad all while trying to maintain good hair lol . how are u ? good i hope . w/b
NEU bytch ... im you are hero !!! da dada daaaaa
NEU what happened to you duuude ?!?!? ----- we never saw you ! ----- xx
POS happy birthday !!! 11 !!!!! 1
NEG austin , change that gay ass background !!! lol , it sucks out loud !
POS have n't came thru here in a while so i 'm jus stoppin by to tell you you are beautiful . holla @ me
POS ha ha yeah so hi i 'm kelley ... just saw pirates and thought of you ... ?
POS yo matt , ----- ----- great time in la !!! we 'll have to go back to cali surfing together again ... maybe this time the pacific will cooperate with me more ! my age is already catching up to my board ability !! i 'll get back to you about getting those cards tickets ... . maybe i 'll work you in a cameo in my new film ... who knows ! haha ! good luck in arizona ! ----- ----- - owen
NEG wat up nigga
NEU hi ?
POS yo check out my new pics leave me some picture commets
POS wow ... everyone 's on this myspace thingy . anyways , great idea putting this on there ! power to the people .
POS hey hey chichi whats up i miss you.i want to go back there it that i cant ... . but you now i will always be right there beside you & i will all ways love you
NEU sup boi
NEU hey rob x ----- wuu2 im realii bored write ----- back c ily
POS your getting married . . congrats !!! im happy for you ?
POS happy birthday , craig !!
POS hii ----- how are you ----- do i know u ? ----- < 33
POS casey ! your myspace is a niiiice space ! ----- EMO_HAPPY janling
POS thanks you 4 the add !!
POS thank 4 tha add
POS okay so what 's next ????? i think i want one on my rib cage like klink got . it 's cute as hell . or maybe on my finger ... hmmmm ... it 's soooo hard to decide !
POS hey jon ! good to see you doing well EMO_HAPPY
POS hey `` general '' just stop by to add my beauty to spot ... mission accomplished i 'm out !
POS happy birthday sexy .
POS cheers for the underberg buddy you can smell how strong it is without even opening it laugh out loud sure if that where to be consumed tommorow it would be very entertaining . see you 2mz jonny
NEU how ya been stranger
POS whats up punk ... how have you been . . so where do you go now to kick it ? let me so we can have a drink ... hope your day is going well talk to you soon .
POS hi maggie - ----- ----- glad you are feeling so happy ! love the new photo you posted ... and the new layout !! keep it up , girl ! ----- ----- becky
POS wuts up marco ----- nutting much here just chillin in la wit my cuzins late
NEU hey silly ! ----- i am waiting for other apps to get in and the president will get back in touch with you ! ----- smooches ! ----- ready for revival ?
NEU if you have a better name tell me but it means jigga krew underground fighting league
NEG wud up limbernuts ! just checking on you are goofyass.gimme a shout
POS jacenia , wutss up ??? nttn here well ya ummmm ya lets hang out sometime just call me if you are with paige or kaitlyn or something well ya im gon na go peace
NEU hey when do you want to go see nightmare before christmas 3d , or do you want to see 30 days of night ?
NEU hey bro . this is the first day i dindnt come to see you . i thought about you all day and i get phone calls fron james every time there are visiting hours . i really miss you and i cant wait to see you back up and around . you have no idea how hard it is for me to see you in that bed . i love you , you are family to me and i just cant stand you not being around . well i will wright soon again . love ya your bro forever.bell bitches !!!
POS hey baby
NEU thanks for the birthday wish last week . it 's been such a hectic time , what with the civil war taking place , and my alter ego being public knowledge , that i just plain forgot to celebrate . ----- ----- cheers buddy !
NEU hey lauren ! ----- ----- i 'm good ta ... how are you doing ? yeah i graduated yesterday ... it was a very long day but a good one . our ceremony was n't until 4.30 pm and the previous ceremony over run . . and the ceremony managed to go on for 2.5 hours !! mad . but never mind i 'm a graduate now!lol ----- ----- how 's your course going ? ----- ----- amy xx
POS wat is ^ my lil nig wats crackin homie ????
POS ----- ----- ----- ----- this ----- is ----- so ----- funny ! ----- ----- ----- -----
POS woah i havent heard onyx in like 10 years . so im throwing emily watson a party next month . if your interrested space me .
POS im ok thanks mate , how are you ? x x
POS hope your having a good day !
POS actually on july 4th i play on going to disney world
NEG yeah something fishy is going on here on myspace ... apparently somebody has access to several peoples accounts and is posting these `` spam '' comments and such under their names ... tom needs to do his job and get rid of these madmen !
NEU i really miss you guys !!
POS happy birthday !!
POS hey look ----- its tanya and shelby ! ----- ** points ** ----- laugh out loud
NEG hahahahahaha sorri had to laugh at you you got shut down mah nig laugh out loud jus playin
POS hi i love your pix , i love you too ... i 'll talk to you soon !
POS i love your kitties !!
NEU oh no i thought it was on the 5th i am so sorry happy b-day love ya
POS yo nigga happy bday
POS what up duuuuude ! call me , we need to catch up brotha !
POS thnks 4 the invite hope to hear from you soon .
POS hey girl !!! yall coming out tomorrow night ??? we missed you guys last week !!!
NEU hey sweetie sorry i havent been around a lot lately this whole thing with closing on the house is killing me . dont worry it will be over soon ill talk to ya later loves ya
POS hey tia i wanted to say thank you for the wonderful job you got me !!! your def . the boom.com ----- ----- ily
POS oooohhhhhhh llllooooooogggggaaaaaannnn damn i miss you are drunk ass
POS hey boo , just cumin through and showin my baby sum love and respect and you need 2 call me 2 , i miss u , love ya , xoxoxo , bye
POS thank you for the add and for your support . have a good rest of the week . happy spring time to you .
NEG hey ! why do n't you just get married already !! you nver want to hang out with me anymore or even answer your phone ! EMO_HAPPY you love your boyfriend more than me !! laugh out loud j.k it 's ok , i do that too , but you need to let me know about monterrey so we can stay in the same hotel or watever , and i already got my days off of work ! yay ! well let me know , call me ! ----- * jess
POS thanks for taking the time to look at my profile , and for the friend request !!!!! ----- ----- hope you had a lovely xmas and have a really great new years ! ----- ----- drop by anytime , ----- ----- fran x
POS i love you baba ! cant wait for home sweet home !
POS hey braunda ;--RRB-
NEU when are you gon na cook me some dinner !
NEU who needs correct grammer ???
POS you need a picture !!!! laugh out loud love ya
POS hey ! i miss you !!!!!!!!!
NEG man how come no one comments on stickyland oh well comment me back man
POS oh my ... that has to be one of the funniest and scarriest things i have seen in a while ... thanks for making me laugh and throwup at the same time ... EMO_HAPPY
NEG being bored you
POS happy saturday !
POS i 'm back !!!!
POS whas up ladie ? how you been ? i havent talked to you in a while
POS good good , and yourself ?? where are you guys now ?? anything new ? oh did you get a gift for your bro ? ill talk to ya soon k have a good day
POS thnx fo da add ...
POS annnnnnneeeeee !! ----- ----- got a myyspaceeee ! ----- ----- hello quuaddd ! hahah i love the quad . foosho . -LSB- ghettopatsy -RSB- anyyywayyss , im very excited you have a myspace now because i can talk to you 24/8 now ! hahah jk , but seriously , because i do n't have a cellular EMO_HAPPY buttttttt i lovee you annne . you are my hero supremelyyyyyyyyyyy . ----- -----
POS gohh you are hott jacob
POS yea ----- i kind of make everything funner
POS so wutsup :d
NEU hey cuz . so how 's ga ? ----- cali is hot as a mutha ...
POS matt ! i am in town ... we should hang . soon .
NEU whats up wit da beach trip yo ?
NEG you are madden game is trash can juice clown !!! remember you are record against me is 1-1
NEU damn that sounds boring but good in a way ... me ive been up to nothing just posted you know ... where do you work at . .
NEU yeah long time no talk , how was your vacation or what it was you did.just up and left lydia told me huh , i fell ya , im bout to do that shit myself in a minute.take care
POS i love all your pics . you look like you have a bunch of fun and crazy times w / your friends ! where did you see ricky martin at - and y was n't i invited ! EMO_HAPPY have a good weekend !
NEG no i just hate fuckin turkey
POS yeah . whatd you do on such a monday . laugh out loud
NEU ah good sport mate ! sorry thought itd be funny . will looks particuly like a ska kid in the pic with his hat ?
NEU i 'm usally in venice park but i reside in eht , you ?
POS hi alyssa !!
POS haha ... its an inside joke
POS yo dew , my man ... i realize i said i was game for lbgp , but unaware , at the time , that trey 's 40th was on the same day ... at least i think so ... must check ... i 'll get back to you tomorrow...6-ish ... that 's post meridiem ... you 're hearing from me either way ... in a minute , bruh ...
POS whats up cutie ----- thanks for the add comment back ----- ----- EMO_HAPPY michelle
POS mate id do her too . ill try n get her number for u. jokes !! got ta talk to tom talk bout gettin out to c u. i cudnt remember wen you sed you are sister was goin out there so i tried 2 find out from her so we didnt overlap but got no response , plus im just settlin into my new job so dnt wan na take holiday straight away . defo got ta come out there tho !! got ta see that water sprinkler in action , lol ... . wow
POS jus droppin through to show some love .
NEU so when can i be a stromtrooper ? or do i have to be a damn cloner to do that !?
NEG andy 's ex gurl
NEU sorry to hear that mate ! just wondering if you fancied goin pinks tonight ?
POS yeah for the most part but im not getin in trouble any more
POS helo stace thought i would say hello as a old school buddy x jess
POS hey chic how ya been !!! what ya been up to ????
POS hey girly you need to get some color and stuff on here lol . . luv ya . ----- ~ rach ~
POS congratulations ! i know that ya 'll are excited ! when are you due ?
POS hey jazzy.what is good ?
NEU diggidy diggidy john , what up b. do n't even act like you wan na hug from me . do n't acks me . jkjkjkjkj k ----- not much going on here yet , we are going to visit the little kids at the orphanage tommorow morning . how are things in the good ole usa ? i miss that mug
POS thanks for being my friend
POS i was thinking , we could actually just make a marathon of our own . maybe like a jog from your house to the wies at school . do n't know if it would be funner than a real one but i 'm to impatient to wait that long .
NEU hey vball kicked my ass today how about you ?? haha . . we better not get cut or else i will be really mad . . haha c-ya tomorrow bright and early outside at 6:45 . . for conditioning . . haha ----- < 3yssa
POS thanks 4 da add
NEU same here
POS doritos were my affair . . im completely faithful to pringles now tho EMO_HAPPY ----- jp sed du wnt some cherries ?? ----- xxxxxxx
POS i 'm really good , getting married in two months . yeah it has been a long time haha i was just cycling through my myspace and saw yours . still working at joe 's ?
POS hey wayno ! thank you . nice to see you .
POS well anyhow up to 100 votes wins !! so go and vote !!!! and also this is an auto messaging thing i got ... please do n't ask me for the program . . ----- ----- comment my pictures and vote for best action shot !! ----- 7 times !! also comment my myspace ... and tell me how you like my site and what you would like to be changed ... also i would like it if no one posted junk on my myspace ... thanks . . like random stuff ...
NEG ok , ok - i get the idea . looking at the source for the page is easiest . does anyone else find watching paint dry -LRB- or discussions about html , come to that -RRB- more interesting than motor sports ?
POS hillyi take your earlier point buti would like to support any new runners that take up the flm challenge . in june 2001 i had a kidney removed following 4 years of serious illness . i had never ran races before but 8 months later i completed the 2002 flm in 5 hours , not fast i know , but i did not find it that hard-really !! and i enjoyed every minute and raised 2000 pounds for charity . i have a golden bond again to do it this year . providing you put in sensible training , and respect the distance , i really believe anyone can do it , good luck to everyone
NEG my body seems to be telling me to take it easy this week too . not sure why , this has n't happened before but this week i 've been spectactularly exhasted for no apparent reason . . i have been out 4 times already but normally can cope with that . wanting to up my training a bit and was planning to go out this afternoon . do n't know what to do now ! i 'm not injured , just sleepy ! should i go ?!
NEU did not . im a speed reader -LRB- unlike my running -RRB- . marvellous quote tho , wonder if the ward will have any spare daily mails . i could make a scrapbook of the trials and tribulations
NEU i ran reading half yesterday and was really pleased with my time and thought generally it was well organised , however what did disappoint me -LRB- aside from teh 45 min delay -RRB- was the number of slower runners that started at the front despite there being markers to indicate times . i have to admit that i was in the box ahead of where i should have been but one comment i heard was ` ooh it says sub - 1:20 , perhaps we should move back ' . the reply was ` no it will take us ages to cross the line ' . i finished in 1.29 officially but it still took me 11/2 minutes to cross the line so my actual time was 1:27 , and for the entire race i continually overtook people . i was glad i didnt start further back with the sub 1.30 where i should have been . but if it had been managed properly , then you wouldnt get people trying to start in a higher ability group and slow down those behind them who are in the correct group .
POS hi taz , . i hope the new physio instills more confidence in you . it can be an expensive trial trying to find one you feel happy with , and who is effective and i am eternally grateful to my colleague who recommended her . i ca n't believe how different i feel about it all now , as to last week . i have n't run yet - next run is tomorrow , but shall carry on spending as much time as i can with my legs up to prevent further problems . believe me , i am so impressed with the results and feel confident that things will come right in the end . but , i am going to be super dooper careful from here on in . i hope you get some good news , or at least feel happy with what is diagnosed tonight . let us know how you get on .
NEU hmmm ... 4:14:45 for me . how about a competition to see who gets a time closest to their race number ? like 2:31:42 for number 23142 ?
POS we enjoyed supporting !!! ca n't blooming speak now tho EMO_HAPPY
POS i noticed the st john 's people around the route of course but did n't quite appreciate the scale of the turnout until i went into the tent at the end for some ice on my ankle . i did n't realise there were so many of them in the country let alone london ! well done and thanks .
NEU quite a few people mentioned that the chip times -LRB- as published on the website -RRB- are showing their time to be exactly 3 seconds faster than the one from their own watch -LRB- this includes me -RRB- . . anybody got a expalanation/theory for this ?
NEG malt , i used last year 's schedule , but for the prague marathon , and this year 's schedule for flm . both times i followed them to the letter , and both times had really bad runs . i did prague in 4:09 and flm in 4:16 , but under easier conditions . previously i had never done a marathon in more than 4 hours , and had never thought i would . i do n't know if it 's the schedules , or if i am just getting too old , or what the problem is . but , i 'm a sucker for someone else telling me what to do and will probably follow next year 's schedule as well , whatever it turns out to be .
POS ah ha - a new number to play trick phone calls on ! now i can leave legless , saqib and eddie alone ... . has anyone else been getting legless ' sick jokes via text message ??? they are making me laugh though :--RRB- . humpless , 4.30 ???????? i do n't finish until 6.30 and can meet at liverpool st station at about 6.40 if you want . otherwise i can meet you there around 7 .
NEU spans . oakley 20 is probably best described as ` undulating ' rather than ` hilly ' . i seem to remember one fairly sharp incline on loop 1 -LRB- 12 miles -RRB- at about 3 or 4 miles . loop 2 -LRB- 8 miles -RRB- did n't include it .
NEU dare we hope then ?
NEU getting better ... 9 -LRB- ish -RRB- in 1.24 - even included some hills -LRB- definitely not grade a fell ! -RRB- .
NEU cardiac risk in the young . need to raise 1250 . looking to get at least 1500
NEU i 'm loosely following a rw sub 3 programme , but anti social work schedule means that i have to do the long runs and speed sessions on different days to the programme . now up to 65 miles per week . i 'm about 10 miles per week up on last years schedule which resulted in flm 2003 , 3.00.42 . so i 'm fairly upbeat about it all .
POS thanks jj . out for a 15m run myself tomorrow . will be my longest run yet . i ran 14m last weekend and 12m the weekend before . m = miles not metres !! hope you have a good run and your knee holds out . foz
POS figs are definitely what you do want before a big race . but make sure you leave plenty of time twixt breakfast and `` last chance '' .
POS excellant job meerkat ... will be hanging on the rw 11min pacer for dear life in the hope of reaching you all at mile 18 to be rewarded with jbs from meerkat and jj ! thank you in advance incase i am incoherant by then ! hiya sutts ... ready ?
NEU official time , as per the one they officially give you on the results list , is chip time . ... although last year they forgot , and put up the gun time for a few hours , then realised their error and changed it to chip time
POS good luck to everyone although luck wo n't come into it . not even bad luck !!!!! smile for the finish camera
POS brilliant day , even though i hate running in the rain , but the crowd support was excellent . ended up 90mins slower than i wanted -LRB- wanted a 4h , finished in 5h30 -RRB- , but i forgive myself that with a lack of training and that rain as my excuse . pb - was ian duncan smith running when you saw him , because the only time i saw him was at the blue start -LRB- surely he should have been at green -RRB- , wearing a suit and shoes . looked to me like he was dropping out . the urwfrc point at mudchute was great , even though i nearly missed it . -LRB- how could flora put a water station there , of all places . -RRB- . the only `` celeb '' i saw running was -LRB- the back of -RRB- bobby charlton in front of me at about mile23 . i 'm hoping i beat him , but probably did n't . anyway , well done to you all .
NEU first marathon , trained for 3.28 . started in middle of pen 5 , got 3.34 chip time . felt no probs at start , but 1st 2 miles were v frustrating ; lots of stopping and starting due to bunching . so many people just changing course made things difficult , the few that gave hand signals -LRB- not that sort of hand signal !!! -RRB- made it easier . great day , great support , feel that i want to try and get that 3.28 before i get much older
POS thanks for the welcome everyone -LRB- you are a friendly bunch are n't you :--RRB- -RRB- . taking a rest today , have my last 22 miler planned for tommorrow , eek , before starting taper for blackpool . mmm ... looking forward already to lazy saturday mornings after 20 june !! sarah , peter , i 'm planning my first tri this year - london tri in july -LRB- just the baby sprint tri -RRB- . before the end of last year i could hardly swim 2 lengths without having to stop . now i 'm doing 50 lengths twice a week . not the speediest fish in the pool -LRB- so to speak -RRB- but much more comfortable with it . the thought of an open water swim in a wetsuit is a bit scary though . i 've also got a new , speedy almost-road-bike -LRB- a bit of a hybrid -RRB- with skinny tyres which is a revelation after years using my heavy ` granny ' bike . it makes cycling fun ! anyway , good training -LRB- and a nice bank holiday weekend -RRB- to everyone . tm
NEU i 've just got the watch -LRB- i did n't bequeath for my first two -RRB- . b.t.w. haver they started sending out the newsletter yet ?
POS oooh i see blackmail is rife !! nobody would want my food anyway so i am safe ;--RRB- . i like the no food for non runners but as imelds is bringing the glitzy stuff maybe an exception to the rule !! poppy plans her list . 5 sets of kit . 5 pairs socks . 2 trainers . gps . logbook . notebook . pens . 5 bras for training . lucazade sport . mobile-you never know . change for phone ;--RRB- . rain jacket . gloves x2 . buff . glitzy gear . casual gear . showerstuff . towells . pj 's . underwear . shorts . thats all i can think of for now ;--RRB- .
POS done my domestic duty and just about to go for a 10 mile run . . hilly - i think i enjoy the training more than the actual racing . it is nice to get away from it all , go off-road for a few hours and switch off completely . 25 miles tomorrow with some others from the club , almost all off-road followed by podretta 's 7th birthday party -LRB- olympics party at the leisure centre -RRB- . lots of carbs in jelly and ice cream !
NEU morning a-man 69 . dare i ask why your called that ?
NEG rf-sounds like you should change your name to elastiman . i ca n't touch my toes with straight legs ! podiatrist 's verdict yesterday-inflammed sesamoid bones and ligaments that run under ball of left foot . need to take it easy regarding running . might mean i 'll have to defer flm to 2006 :-LRB-
POS ooops , wc , well done to you too . i 've just been reading that the sussex half was not a certified course and appears to be short , so i think i may have made the right decision .
NEG quite nice been injured . just done a slow 4 miles round the block then came back for lots of stretching and ice . more massage booked tomorrow and am dreading it cause legs are sore from small amount of massage on friday !! hope everyone does well today , i 'm looking forward to reading all about it tonight . :--RRB- .
NEU felt really pleased with a swift -LRB- well for me all things are relative -RRB- 13 miles in 1.35 this morning and then i read the tragic news of the worthing 20 runner - all seems pretty insignificant somehow after that news . worked from home today -LRB- honest do you want to see the evidence ! -RRB- as daughter has piano exam this pm . then its time for a quick swim , some pasta and then go watch the corporate challenge in chichester tonight , 4000 metres in two speed categories . there 's speed work and then there 's speed work . good to cheer my fellow club members looking like ... robw - listen to dunnarunner , he 's right - do n't do the long run if there is doubt that you can really do it without making any injury worse - there is not enough time now to recover from anything remotely serious . ` expo thursday runners who lunch club members ' ! looking forward to it . take care all . pr
POS -LRB- stops lurking -RRB- . hi all - . hope you do n't mind me joining in at this late stage - i 've spent the last few weeks having a dilemma about what my target time is so which forum to join ! it 's my first marathon , longest run was a 21 miler last week , 3:30 - so i 'm hoping for sub 4:30 , allowing for the unknown of the last few miles . . it has been really good to read everyone 's ups and downs on the forum - this week is definitely `` feeling overtrained '' week , hoping the various niggles settle down during the taper . hope everyone enjoys the shorter long runs tomorrow - i 'm doing 13 miles -LRB- along the thames , boat race course there and back -RRB- . great not to be running in the ice and cold any more ! jezza
POS well peeps . . the barriers have appeared and are starting to go up around evelyn street , lower road and surrey quays . banners are now hanging above the chav 's arms -LRB- also known as the surrey docks pub -RRB- proclaiming ` watch the london marathon here ' . looks like we got us a race , goin ' on ! wp - no need to ruin your kit . just write your name on paper with a thick permanent marker , do a quick diy-laminating job using some sellotape , et voila ! br - the name thing really does work ! back in 2002 i ran the nyc marathon and tried it for the first time . . would never run without it again . in fact , i 'll be running wearing exactly the same big of paper bearing my name that ran with in nyc , paris , dublin and rotterdam . it 's looking a wee bit battered now , but . . call me superstitious . just need to find some way of fitting ` tea & toastman ' on their too . need a bigger chest , methinks . : -0
POS do n't stop me now , . i 'm having such a good time , . i 'm having a ball . do n't stop me now , . you wan na have a good time . just give me a call . and do n't stop me now ... hippo , for some reason i did n't think you had a h ***** d , you always sound so centred and together and -LRB- another word i ca n't think of -RRB- . have a good evening to make up for it . probably signing off , need to put kids to bed and pack , will try not to come here in the morning or i 'll never catch the train . good luck to all still here , thanks for all the advice/support/laughs , maybe see diana d , delia and hippo and others at expo and/or bandstand - i really hope so ! remember we are supposed to be doing this of our own free will - so let 's enjoy it , esp those of us doing it once only -LRB- yes , really ! -RRB-
POS last post before the flm . good luck everyone , but most of all have fun
POS i 'm glad i was n't the only person wondering about this -LRB- i 'm not so sick after all ... hoorah ! -RRB-
POS can i be a supporter next year ? i think it 's just fab what you lot did and especially you meerkat for organising it all -LRB- sorry for lack of punctuation -RRB- .
POS hummm i think i might have that shirl !!! where is the q !! not sure about tomorrow , will let you know as soon as poss .
POS lucinda - go get 'em tomorrow !!! natalie - go get 'em ... er ... tonight - i will be too ! . rick . . oh rick ... here boy ! * waves nice full glass of red enticingly *
NEU i have n't really thought about it yet , i 'm going to do a last minute.com type approach i think . i could push the wife into getting promoted and become a house husband , not !! quality control for a vineyard would be nice , as long as it 's red only .
POS shades , . yes i have my international certificate of competence for motor yachts so can now charter and skipper a boat anywhere in the world . perhaps we should have a sub 5 holiday cruising the med or the caribbean ??! delia , . i was n't a golden bond runner but have n't got my marathon pics yet , i believe they take quite a long time .
POS no surprise there then hey rick !!!
POS jane m. thanks , that 's true i did n't learn till i went to the big school hee hee . anyway , attention should all be going to superdebbo and not to grump ol me .
NEU sarah have n't said well done on your 16 miler - fantastic ! euph coastal path sounds very dodgy & dangerous . scarey . good luck on sunday . freemers i live in a village on the bury side of thetford . 4/9 i am planning to do fram 10k which was a hilly 2 lap course but has changed this year for health & safety reasons . prob now a very hilly 2 lap course!i joined the thread before flm 2004 & did n't enter 2005 but have followed the thread anyway . do you do xc ?
NEG i did about 4ish miles very easy - probably close to 9 or 10 mins and i couldnt have gone ay faster . my other half who didnt seem to suffer as much as i did was complaining about the pace so i must have been going slow . however i fell over at the end of my run and landed on my hands and face -LRB- dont ask -RRB- - knees escaped ! - tripped over a pavement and having been discharged from physio yesterday , i now have a very sore si joint today so wondering if i gone backwards again so i am having a bit of a panic .
NEU katie , what a nightmare - well done for picking yourself up and your pb ! champagne - i 've printed off a split time thing off nikerunning.com , specifically for new york , allowing for all the ups and downs - first mile - 8:46 , 2nd mile 7:29 . its absolutely wicked . i 'll try and stick to it for as long as i can !! . as i have had no build up races as preparation - except a 10k which i pb 'd at 42:48 a couple of weeks ago , i 'm not sure of my level at present . ooops caps lock !!
NEG hello all , . happy new year all , especially trouty and karen . i am glad i came back to the uk for christmas , with temperatures reaching 44-46 degrees in sydney yesterday and poor air quality because of the bush fires it does not seem to be very pleasant there at the moment . even though i have found it cold i managed 85 miles last week , my highest for many months . i have found that my heart rate monitor does not register properly when it is cold . normally it is ok after about 10-15 mins , i.e. when i start sweating but this morning i did not get a proper reading for all of my 1 hr run . does anybody else have this problem ?
POS wow , so mnay newbies ! welcome everyone . well today was my first real flm training run and i did 5 miles steady with a faster mile in the middle . i fantacised about a large malt whisky and chocolate for most of the time -LRB- as i 'm abstaining -RRB- which took my mind off the hills ;--RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . re speed training - i prefer to do mine on the treddy because then i ca n't cheat and pretend i 've run further than i have ! for hill training i only ahve to go out of the door as i ca n't avoid the blessed things where i live !
POS one for beav and jonah8 . a man walks into a bar with a dachshund under his arm . the dog is wearing a man city shirt , bobble hat and scarf . the barman says , `` hey ! no pets allowed in here ! you 'll have to leave ! '' the man begs , `` look , i 'm desperate . we 're both big fans , my tv is broken , and this is the only place we can see the game against united . '' after securing a promise that the dog will behave and warning that if there is any trouble they will be thrown out , the barman relents and allows them to stay in the bar and watch the game . . city attack from the kick off and their first goal attempt is cleared off the line for a corner . with that the dog jumps up on the bar and begins walking up and down the bar giving everyone a high-five . the barman says , `` wow that is the most amazing thing i 've ever seen ! what does the dog do if they score a goal ? '' `` i do n't know , '' replies the owner , `` i 've only had him for four years . '' !!!!
POS glasgow / florida . . same thing ! hi depth charge , so how long was it to the start line then ?
POS well deserved zzzzs , ws ! managed to zip between the rain storms to do 8 miles of recovery running this evening . not too wet . it 's very mild out in sw17 again - had to take off the hat and gloves and really did n't need to bother with the second top layer . must be the insulating effect of the pollution round the tooting area !
NEU nobody has asked if i am gay - tee hee ? gingerbreadman , are you coming out of the closet with all your ` gay ' questions , do you live in a village ? ginger is a popular name in the club i go to .
POS ashley smith . you should definitely do a marathon to celebrate 40 = i did dublin in oct 05 following my big birthday in sept. i even got a 1/2 on the day of my birthday - i know its sad but as a runner you will understand ! i cannt beleive there are people out there who will support me ! i am flying from belfast on my own and wont have any supporters myself so would really appreciate a cheer !
NEG shades - i take a bottleof water with me , but normally i do n't finish it . i finish the bottle on my way home , when the run is over . i drink because my mouth gets dry and because i know i have to .
POS blousey , i think i got wrong end of stick . i thought you were running whilst out there ! whatever you do , have a blinkin good time EMO_HAPPY
POS congratulations , tillyp !! well done nikster ! -LRB- got ta get out running again soon -RRB-
NEU and then there 's me panicing about only running 70 in my cut-back week . that 's more than i ran in the whole of 2004 ! what have i become ?! anyway , where 's that sun cream ...
NEG ouch pw that is sore !! mine is nearly recovered now but it was only overstretched i think not torn . luckily your martial arts training will help you block out some of the pain . just hope you dont do any more damage though !! glad you are able to do some training though .
NEG i like pearce 's post match comments : . `` to say i am disappointed would be one of the biggest understatements of all time , '' . `` if i was a supporter , i would be disgusted with that performance . i know i am as a manager . we showed no moral courage whatsoever . `` i do not include the goalkeeper in this , but the rest of them i have told to go home , have a look at their kids and ask them how daddy did today . `` none of them stepped up to the plate . none of them showed any leadership . none of them earned their wages . without doubt , it was the worst experience i have had as a manager . `` i have been in bad teams during my career but i would like to think somewhere down the line , if i was n't playing well , i had the bottle to receive the ball . `` i had the bottle to get in someone 's face and i had the bottle to get aggressive with someone , show my aggression out on the pitch and show i was not happy . `` our players did not do that today . i am not passing the responsibility onto the players . the buck stops with me . but if i have to do something about it to be a successful manager i will . `` these boys have to come back into work again . they have to walk past me in the corridor and look me in the eye . they know exactly how i feel about them at this present moment in time . `` it was unacceptable and if it happens again , there will be people leaving this club . ''
NEG mrs t - first serious attempt at the distance/time as gr said ca n't be a 100 % confident unsure of my mp endurance the furthest i have gone is 14 miles @ mp . my race tactics will be to get 20 miles in 2:10 - 2:15 and then hang on for dear life . is this a good plan ?????
NEU right then i would suggest that anyone who does n't want sis blackcurrant gels and/or jelly babies shouts now so that we can arrange to get the special requests to mudchute ... wa - how many gels in a box ?
NEU hi fiona , . just catching up with the thread - sorry to hear the news . i 'm dedicating my run to my father-in-law and a close friend both of whom died from cancer . my father-in-law also had a series of strokes - 2 major ones - so that 's where i 'll be getting my inspiration from at around 18 miles . i 'll most likely be walking like him at that stage as well . sorry that may sound sick but we had some lively banter going on between the two of us when he was alive . he was paralysed down the left hand side but he always made a joke about it and i used to take the mick out of him in return . got us both laughing and he 'll be watching me on the day and giving it back with interest !
POS buena fortuna , mokina ! have a good week-end everyone , and steady on the easter eggs .
NEU annick , try they do baked beans and marmite vests amongst others . not sure if that 's what you were thinking of .
NEU best of luck to everyone in gp 7 tomorrow !
NEU morning , . t map , jej , mrs t , dan a , ndo w , cy , blisters , oo , rb-congratulations and commiserations . great reports . ndo , i hope you are all right . 3 hours 6:51 : for me . 1h29 at half way and just on time by 20 miles , but i had very tight hamstrings which were cramping up so i slowed to a pace that allowed me to get to the finish without stopping . i have mixed feelings this morning . the marathon is such an unnatural distance to run . anyway it 's great to be able to listen to your thoughts about the race and the banter and support on this thread has been fantastic this year . -LRB- people at work who have n't got a clue are already annoying me with their advice and anecdotes . -RRB- . all the best and recover well . no running for me till saturday and i have mayo on my sarnies at lunch today . i agree with dan a - . tapering is over-rated .
POS i said to my boyfriend the other day the nicest people that you will ever come across are runners and vegetarians . i am both !!!!! ; 0 -RRB- . i am happy for you shona . i can understand how devastated you were .
NEG bet i hold the record , i took six on sunday morning before the start !!!!!!!! i know it was a really stupid thing to do but had the runs from wednesday night until saturday morning & lived on a diet of jam sandwiches & 6 pints of watered down lucozade sport per day , though little stayed inside . . this was my third flm & i figured that even if i had to walk most of it , as long as i could stay bunged up i could complete and justifiably collect my sponsorship money . . as it turned out they worked a treat , i managed 4:27 which was about half an hour slower than i targeted before my illness . i was also back to normal service by tuesday morning . . however i would never advise anybody to run a marathon whilst ill , it was the most physically painful thing i have ever done .
NEU hippo im with you . belfast today and still failed to break 3.00 . must be getting old finished in 3.02.38 some 30 secs slower . great new course , hilly tough first half any day now flat second , this has potential .
POS thanks diana ... we 're not off til next wednesday ... you 've got to put up with me for another week yet !
NEU cinders - hope rossi is ok . took the dog to the vets for her blood test this morning - probably wo n't get the results til monday now . i have just come upstairs and found her limping - do n't know what she has done . she was fine this morning when i bought her back from the vets . will keep an eye on her . and if i do n't get on line before you all go off to the in other words - good luck !!!!!! will be thinking of you on sunday and wishing i was there EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks mike , . this will be a new stage for me as all those sessions have me running further than the race distance i 'm pacing at . oooer ! i 'm always up for a challenge though !
POS doing only 12 400s , and with 2 mins recovery seemed like a real doddle compared with the 20 with far less recovery , even though the pace was faster - actually managed 7secs/lap faster than my last 2 20 x 400 supposedly at 10k pace sessions , so i 'm pretty satisfied with that
NEU mokina - glad you are settling down in dublin . have n't got the foggiest how much 17.50 euros is but it sounds cheap , so yaaaaaaay ! lol ! and its not that you are getting older you know . its prohably cos the goal has gone for the time being now that you have pulled out of your marathon - you need another one to aim for . enjoy your shopping slugsta . . tracey - bradley is a star although we do argue like cat and dog at times . my older son laughs at us when he is around - he thinks we are so alike which is why we argue . probably right - if i think i am right i do n't let go and neither does bradley . . i have a very tight calf muscle this morning . its quite painful . and i am still knackered ! i need an early night really but i have arranged to go out to dinner this evening at one of my old assistant manager 's . he got married about a month or so ago and i could n't get there -LRB- his wife used to work for me too -RRB- so i need to go and see them . champers again ... its such a hard life is n't it ????
NEU quote dana . `` will start the bidding on predicted times between me and pug over the next few days . oh dear . . this 'll be interesting . . i 'm having reservations the way i 'm feeling lately . . this tapering is horrible , just feel like a fat slug now ... you want odd pb 's check mine out !!! 5k = 18:09 . 5 mile = 32:42 . 10k = 38:39 . 10 mile = 1:15:35 . 1/2 marathon = 1:21:10 . marathon = 3:32:59 . bear that in mind when you do ya predictions hahaha !!! pug
NEU oh cath poor you , get back down the quacks , i know how pants you feel when you ca n't train , i was like a while back was n't i with that virus that turned into migrane clusters , i did n't listen to my body either and tried to train , try to take it easy untill ya fully recoverd , lecture over , but i hope your feelin better soon , big hugs . pinks i do 400m sprints at 9.5 / 10.0 on the tredmill and 200m recovery at 7.0 on the running machine , my next trick is to set the incline at 1.0 . after downloading that tredmill programme the bloke was saying that by settin it at that your forcing the hamstrings to do what they natrally do out on the road but if its flat then the muscles do n't work as they should and tremill does it all for you ... some thing like that any way , i 'm sure you can word it better rio !!!
POS missed your last post - but you can pick up some fab costume accessories these days , from the high street . next , m + s , debenhams , top shop etc , you do n't need to spend much or go searching far off the high street - i 've had some nice cheap bling from sainsburys even .
NEG pug , why bother with a slow plod around luton . might as well go for a sub-3 and see what happens ; you could always drop out after 1 or 2 laps if it 's not going well . -LRB- that 's what i did last year !! -RRB- . back to back sub-3 's are very possible . rb did it at paris & london this year , and someone else finally managed it at cardiff & ny . plus , sub-3 will probably get you into the top 10 . i 'm currently crippled with a mystery knee injury , so taking a fortnight completely off , for the first time in about 8 years to recover . might go up to watch luton , if i can be arsed to get up early ; i know a few guys who are running , plus it will be good to see a winning performance from the jock .
POS * pops head in * . hi guys , long time no see ! thanks to cg for the email kick up the bum to get me back on this thread :--RRB- . nothing wrong , just been really busy lol ! but not too busy to train - 130 miles so far in 2007 :--RRB- . i 'm in work , this is a bit naughty - proper update later i promise . thanks again for the email cg EMO_HAPPY
NEG only the semis sadly . . dodgy refereeing and italian gamesmanship versus ac milan denied us the chance of a trip to wembley where we surely would 've become the first british team to lift the trophy . charlie cooke , ian ure , alan gilzean ... the `` arabs '' across the road -LRB- united -RRB- were 2-0 up from the home leg v roma but lost 3-0 away in the year grobelaar had his wobbly legs . . we did also lose narrowly to the mighty leeds united side of 1967/68 in the then fairs cup semi final . `` we had joy . we had fun . we had seasons in the sun ... '' .
POS thought i would try out these <u> lovely </u> buttons ! .
NEG toasty you 're a model for many to follow . my valentine 's day post-work has been spent running 5.5 miles @ 8:13 pace round hyde park with my wee boy , followed by a low-cal ham sandwich and grapes from m & s for me ; chicken pasta salad and a brownie for him on the long tube journey home . classy or what ? sciatica very painful now of course .
NEU whats your precious ??
NEG i had an adventure on sunday as i planned to run about 13 and ended up running 17 due to getting lost on kingley vale . it was completely my fault but the mist and heavy rain plus mud did not help . i did a speed session monday , rested tuesday with just a couple of sets of tennis . i can still feel the effects of sunday now , with a slight ankle twist and sore left knee but this is still minor on the pain scale . i do plyometrics , -LRB- hopping helps to strengthen the ankle and i have exercises for my knee which ease the pain -RRB- this has worked well over several months . my plan of sticking to 2 hours went out the window on sunday as i was out for 2 hours 40 minutes . still , good time on your feet . i will go back to 2 hours on sunday and run a 9 miler on thursday . i am still learning what best suits me as stacks of 2 month injuries have meant constant disappointment . however , the last 8 months has been good . i do 20 minutes static stretches after running and now do plometrics 3 times a week to try and keep the injuries minimal and hopefully away . i am trying isotonic drinks , tauts , cranberry and blackberry after long runs to try and rehydrate and recover more quickly . i started on sunday and this seems to help me recover quicker . also , glucosamine and chondroitin , helps keep the joints supple and flexible . at least thats what i hope . i also have changed from icing injuries which never seemed to work for me , causing soft tissue damage if kept on too long , too nurofen gel which seems to help minor injuries recover more quickle . i am still looking forward to the marathon and hoping for a good time . i will aim for 3.30 but will most probably end up with 3.40 to 3.45 . the last 10k is the killer .
NEG i dont think you can defer a club place joe but its still worth asking .
POS first half marathon so is a pb but not a lot to beat ! have done longer runs but they are just trainign runs really . getting into the races now !!
NEU desert man : and i was going to complain about the icy wind this morning !!! - half-mile reps at everything between 6m/m -LRB- very encouraging -RRB- and 7m/m -LRB- very depressing -RRB- . could still feel last week 's heavy mileage in the legs , but not a bad session all in . in terms of sw16 's point , yes , the marathon is a bit of a gamble , but after 3 of the little b * gg * rs , i 'm starting to get a better idea about my strengths and weaknesses , and i can compare race times with last year . for instance , i ran 3.19 off a 1.34 half -LRB- no taper -RRB- . if i can get back down to 1.32 , or even a bit lower , 3.14 should be on the cards . . interestingly , although i 'd always thought that i was more of an endurance person than a speed person , my 10k time is actually my fastest as an age-graded percentage - but that may be because some girl called paula keeps on running marathons relatively fast compared to half-marathons !!!
NEG after missing much of last week due to shooting pains in calf , i managed 11 on saturday with 2 reps of 1.75 miles -LRB- supposed to be 4 but i was being sensible -RRB- and 2hrs 40mins yesterday . last hour was a struggle with my calf , the same as last sunday . hoping that if i can survive the next 2 weeks the tapering will allow the calf time to recover enough for me to get around flm . all the these niggles have rather dampened my focus on sub 3.15 and instead i am looking at finishing being a real goal . yeterdays run slightly ruined by one of the guys telling us towards the end that his watch made our run less than we thought . there again his story earlier in the run about his wife and a pig more than made up for it !!
POS i wore mine at reading and got a pb . . personally i believe them to be magic , go faster laces and wo n't hear another word against them .
POS jj . i thank the lord that rugby and tri seasons do n't clash ! xtrrea finishs , rwc starts bliss ! hope wasps they need to be beaten in the final EMO_HAPPY
POS cheers philpub , that 's quite a strange thing to know EMO_HAPPY
POS dave - the metcheck thing 's hysterical . my metcheck page -LRB- refreshed etc -RRB- for the day is totally diff to yours ! says 15/16 degrees , sunny/partly cloudy . . re meeting times - spose i was thinking i 'd get there earlier than 8.30 , but go to loo , sort self out , dump bag , get coffee etc then meet everyone else . then there 's a bit of time to chat , chill , dash into the bushes because the loo queues are too long etc. .
POS raks that 's an excellent idea , although my mother would phone and ask me endless questions about how to post to the forum !
POS sure this was n't on the website yesterday !!!
NEU i do get tunnel vision , but generally only around westferry and blackfriars .
NEU only you can say if i behaved or not ?? or maybe your oh -LRB- or kids ?? -RRB- . if my oh gave me a freezer for christmas he would be permanently attached to it for a long long time !!!
POS morning all , well done everyone ! bit of a strange one for me , my quads seemed to give up on me after 6 miles ! could n't believe it ! . i set off slower , think i got everything right in the build up , kept my fluid levels topped up , but obviously something not right . i think if i 'd have cramped up after 18 for going off too fast i would 've been disappointed with myself , cos it happened so early in the race after a mile or so of muttering expletives under my breath i managed to see the funny side of it . although the prospect of running another 20m with what felt like two dead legs was n't an appealing one ! anyway i shimmied along at whatever pace the legs would let me and finished in 3:31:29 in the end which surprised me as i thought i was heading for 4hrs + . after realising it was n't my day i made the most of it and took everything in , stopped to see some friends , and was completely blown away by the support , tower bridge and along the dual carriageway were awesome ! it 's impossible not to smile heading down the last 800m ! ca n't really get my head round what went wrong and i 'm not gon na beat myself up about it as it was the experience of a lifetime but i feel like i 've got a little unfinished business with london now ! great effort again all ! . matttherat :3:15:51 . darren larder : 3.18.58 . rowan :3:20:16 . chieftain tank : 3:26:54 . ttt : 3:27:00 . po2 : 3:31:29 . banksie : 3:31:57 . roundhay mike : 3:34:40 . valuxian :3:36:52 . aa : 3:38:48 . rain bow :3:51:11 . smiffie 3:58 . rfj - 3:59:48 . ruscr : 4:01
POS bw , there 's no rest for the wicked then , you 're straight into the next challenge , there 's no stopping you , just how much punishment can you fit into one month ? no seriously , good look and yes , you do need your head testing . gc , enjoy the rest , you 've never earned it more than now , so take it while you can before you have to put in the hard work again . that will come all too soon ! euph , thanks for the york 5k entry form , i 'll send it off today , i entered it last year but did n't run due to foot injury . also sending entry off for wheldrake 10k and hope to get a place with you and beders on that . i think nickm is doing that too . i 'll text you if able to come across on sunday , the weather sounds perfect for marathoners , i shall bring my brolly ! good luck tonight in your club race , you 'll still be flying along , even when you 're taking it easy . clairster , keep those feet and legs rested in time for saturday , you 'll be fine , you know the drill . make sure you text me & let me know how you get on . hey ceal , that 's just blxxdy fantastic , you go girl !! there 's a guy from our club who also runs the masters , usually the 800m & 1500m , he 's a mv35 , so only just turned vet . last year he got a bronze at the world masters indoor champs in poland . hope you 'll be coming away with a medal too , i 'm excited for you !!! looking at that gb flag next to your name must be a great feeling :0 -RRB- . last night we did a hilly , muddy off road 5 mile run , which was great . it certainly made me puff and blow to start with , but the scenery was good and it was a nice change , so a bit better than doing a lung-buster on the roads . today is a rest day , as the league race is tomorrow night , a 5 mile undulating course . i actually feel a bit better , so it 's probably just what i need . i 've also invested in a pair of `` paula socks '' -LRB- knee high flight socks -RRB- to help my tibial muscle , which is still very sore . not that they look very trendy , but if they do the job , then i 'm not bothered . some of the men commented on them last night , but they did n't fancy wearing the spare pair for some reason . physio thinks i will need a small orthotic to help the muscle repair itself , without stopping me running , so going back for fitting next week .
POS keep us up to date with all your glute antics , wabo !!! do n't forget the race reports - really like those . umb - yes - i 've never liked 10ks because they 're too fast . but am looking forward to seeing what i can do on sunday . pity about the hills . worked out the fast 3m of my run today was between 7.5 and 8mm . not very fast really but i really felt it . telling myself it 's because i 'd only had 500ml of lucozade sport half an hour beforehand ...
NEU the pugometer was introduced as a term for gauging performance in a race . i personally do not use a pre-callibrated pugometer . eg . i ran 3:16 at flm , but the pugometer rated my performance as 2:58 , because the weather was quite warm . the pugometer has nothing to do with ranking all runners on this thread as shite . ps . seen someone 's starting up another 2:45 thread !!
POS daz - that 's brilliant i 'm sure as a family you will do very well and it 's something for you guys to share ! vb , pinks do n't be too jealous i still have to go back ! daz you really must run flm again next year ! andrew i ran it for dreams come true this year and will enter the ballot again this year but do n't intend to run for charity unless someone else wants to organise it for me . there 's only so many times you can ask family and friends for money and remain popular .
POS my prediction for jej is 15.58 followed by 10.55 for the 3k s/c . i 'll also be doing a 5k on the saturday -LRB- and probably a 3k s/c about 90mins after -RRB- . i have n't got much training in this week and my week so far looks like this : . m : rest . t : 60mins steady . w : ~ 600m/5km aquathlon race -LRB- 29.00 -RRB- . t : 60mins swim -LRB- intervals -RRB- . f : 30mins turbo -LRB- bike -RRB- intervals ; 45mins easy -LRB- planned -RRB- . s : race/s . my three 5,000 m races this season have all been followed by a 3,000 m s/c and have been 16.24 , 16.55 -LRB- no ` b ' competition -RRB- and 16.22 . if i have to do the 3,000 s/c i 'll wear flats for the 5,000 and probably race at 95 % . if no s/c then i 'll wear spikes and give it everything . predicitons ?
NEU morning all - fotd ! 21 miles went ok - 3-08 on a hilly course . reckon that there were about 500 ft of climbs in total so not bad . . key for me now is to keep it up and -LRB- with all respect to the bangles -RRB- run like a very fast egyptian !! panicking - 7 weeks from now i 'll be lining up at margate . by my reckoning -LRB- this post will go in at 8-51 -RRB- i 'd better have completed it 7 weeks 4 hours and 39 minutes from when this post goes in or else !!
NEG just checking in ... 40 miles last week , with a 3 mile tempo run of 19 minutes into a gale - felt hard ! nothing this week so far - was working abroad yesterday , and with impeccable timing got ill monday night - no sleep and multiple bathroom visits ! crawled home from hrow yesterday to find rest of family laid up with same ! rowan : that does really sound like a lot of money - for what it 's worth i also vote for a second opinion . rfj - thats an excellent idea - i find it so much easier with the discipline of a plan to work around . my application for the ballot also went off at the weekend ... ... ... cheers , nick
POS nice one guys , two new pb 's !! both with uphill bits ! i 'm still looking for the sub 1.40 myself ls , as you say it 's getting closer !!! and is n't it nice to get that elusive sub 45 batw , not sure if i 'll ever get faster but as least it 's done !! no running today , day off after 7 days on the trot so looking forward to a fell run tomorrow me thinks , maybe even in the sun !! a bit quiet again in the holiday season . see ya lata . cheers . beders
NEG i must be one of those strange people who now weighs a bit less than they did for flm -LRB- about 5lbs -RRB- . here 's what i look like with a bmi of a whopping 24.2 and a bleeding nipple : . i might 've featured in some of ww 's pics had he not left me for dust to finish his 40 mins ` last 10k dash ' !
POS tt . nf is still on - we go there lots as a family , so i 'd like to run there . but i 'll take it as a run and enjoy it . i 'm no longer in a rush to get race fit as fast as possible . there will be no more 3 or 4 peaks run in preparation for it though , and if the hills are a struggle then what the fuck i do n't really care . i 've another couple of other race entries that i 've previously paid for too , but again i 'll just treat then as extra runs and enjoy them . my knee and my aerobic base fitness will hopefully benefit in the long run .
POS yes , there do seem to be alot of b days around this time !
POS i once had a customer tell me all about the marathon his mum did - turned out it was a race for life .
NEU good news re . mini wabbs . . my cheque still not cashed so not in for me . well done didds and corredor although i may still have club place option -LRB- as in this year -RRB- . . quads achy after circuits and yesterday 's run . but in a weird way quite like it . off for torture 5 miles tonight with club . -LRB- where i am always at back ! -RRB-
NEG wtgy - i would n't run speedwork by hr although it can be useful to look at the stats afterwards , e.g. to see how well hr is falling off over different recovery times , etc. recovery runs and long runs i aim to stay < 75 % max . with other stuff it depends what the purpose of the run is , e.g. a complete run at ` marathon pace ' -LRB- something approx to your wednesday run ? -RRB- might be around 85 % max , or a tempo run @ around 90 % with warm-up and cool down . fwiw , % max i 've seen for races have typically been : mara 86 % , hm 88 % , 10k 93 % , although that all went out of the window with my last hm where i averaged hr -LRB- 182 -RRB- same as my last 10k -LRB- ?! -RRB- i think i 've found hr useful to keep an eye on for trying to keep a steady pace , but without relying on keeping to some pre-planned level . i like to think i pay less attention to it as i get better pacing by perceived effort . gobi at bushy . 16.45 - tt -LRB- whatever i predict you always tonk it anyway , so i may as well make it a little stiffer for you this time -RRB- . 16.48 - padams -LRB- as long as it 's 16.02 or slower -RRB- . 16.50 - philpub . 16.57 - mtr . 17.01 - gobi -LRB- sods law it will be windy and wet !!! -RRB- . sorry to be anal mtr but for consistency i 've removed your colon . fnick , fnick !
POS no , just from highams park - was 5 miles . only back up to 10k at the minute ! yes , just read about paula , inspirational ! my brother -LRB- he was on the bus with us flm 07 morning -RRB- , ran his first dublin marathon last monday . 4 hrs dead . fab time for him .
NEU is n't the gnr flatter ?
NEU i followed the advanced marathoning 18 week up to 50 mile schedule in 2006 and improved my flm pb from 3:16 to 2:56 . in 2007 i did the 18 week up to 70 mile schedule and did 2:50 . this year i 'm planning on doing the same as 2007 with two changes . i 'm going to try and run the last 5 miles of my long runs at marathon pace -LRB- 6:17 -RRB- to try and improve my ability to maintain speed towards the end of a race and i 'm going to do tempo runs instead of track work . i 'm aiming to go sub 2:45 which i reckon i would have been pretty close to last year if it had n't been so hot . i 've found the above schedules easy to follow . they are almost two easy in that very few of the sessions are high intensity and i always panic that i 'm not doing enough . however come the big day they have the desired effect . if i get a sub 2:45 i 'm going to jack in the training and run my last marathon in 2009 off the elite start dressed in a huge scooby doo outfit . that should guarantee me a slot on the telly !
POS i 've found that one of the best things about keeping notes is that they stop me worrying that i 'm not doing enough . i 'm running 10 + extra miles per week compared with last year , but generally feeling a lot less tired . and i do n't have to rest all afternoon after an 18 mile run . 9 mile club run at 6:45 min/mile last night .
NEU morning all - feeling very tired this morning - running a half marathon followed by a party involving several glasses of wine - not a good combination ! however , buoyed by yesterday 's success i have just entered another half in march as it lines up with distance for lsr on the same day . so , although course a bit hillier hoping i will have gained a bit more fitness by then - although i have a 20miler the previous week so maybe not ! tutu - still a great time . i was looking at the results trying to work out which was yours . were there any team prizes at the awards ceremony ? . wore my skins to bed last night so the legs feel ok - just the general tiredness/slight hangover that is not so good ! : - -LRB- thankfully hangoiver not as bad as feared after three large glasses of wine . dtb - great to hear the pat strap thing works . hrr - good to hear you 're back on top form . really must get some work done - ca n't procrastinate any longer !
POS . can you believe that our charity ... the blue cross have placed themselves up 2 flights of stairs ? yikes ! after a long run , i love a glass of cold milk and some hazelnuts . hope they have some as a reward for dragging myself up there !
NEU i 'm back and i 'm stinkin but i 've got 11 miles under my belt EMO_HAPPY . more news after my shower . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU i hope you will all take responsibility for my letting go so beautifully , as you advised , and now have eaten my way through two . snowballs , a fry-up , chicken curryand rice , fish an dchips , oh and stewed apple yogurt and honey . heeeeellllp !!!
NEU does n't look like it !! . but i 'm sure there are lots . by the way - i 'm running for children with leukaemia - they have hundreds of runners but not a single thread here in the forum ...
POS wow what a lot of soft mush you lot talk ;--RRB- . tutu - have you ever considered that if you stand at the starting line it may be because you are slightly bonkers and those that did n't get there may be the sensible ones ? susan - have a good rest , you deserve it after your almost long run !!
NEG oh dear hana ! i really do sympathize ! i have been absolutely unbearable for the whole of this month , and will no doubt be the same until i get to the start line , either this year or 2009 . when i am pain free i think its possible , but then when i try to work out the remaining days and what to do , i start to think it is increasingly unlikely that i will start the race . . mrs puffy had to defer once , and there is simply nothing to be said or done , it is thoroughly miserable and frustrating and anyone that tries to cheer you up just has n't a clue . it must be even worse as you read about people doing their last runs and beginning the taper . i reckon its got to be up there with a major accident or losing your job . . just do n't send the form in till you have too . -LRB- and do it special delivery -RRB-
NEU bizkit , i think we are getting a wee bit nervous and excitable . -LRB- hana 's fault -RRB- . we shall calm down now .
POS i put this on the macmillan runners thread last year ... now i lay me down to sleep . i pray the lord my health to keep . if i should panic before i wake . i pray the lord my fear to take . god bless barley , beanz , all group 5 runners , supporters and runners from the other groups , the mad lady from group one celebrating her 50th on race day . btw , i am not particularly religious , i just like this .
NEG gatton do you work for argos ? i used to work for them , the branch in kingston upon thames . it 's gone downhill massively since i worked there though . . obviously cause i left -LRB- but maybe other reasons like halving the shop in size , for example ! -RRB- . anyway , just popping into this thread to give my details for the support group . forum name : annajo . name -LRB- suggest you email this if unhappy to divulge via the forum -RRB- anna . race number 10386 . estimated time to mile 17 somewhere between 3-3 .5 hours -LRB- aiming for a sub 5 -RRB- . what you 'll be wearing green macmillan vest with ` anna ' on the front , over a t-shirt -LRB- probably black long sleeve -RRB- and black leggings . any special needs * tell me how great i 'm looking , even though i 'll be looking knackered ! apart from that i should be ok , i 'm carrying the equivalent of the kitchen sink with me !
POS aha - you 're right judderman . my head is very kind and knows i am running for charity . i too am planning on doing penny lane . i have the entry form in my briefcase that i printed out yesterday at work !! might even manage waterloo 15k which is may bank holiday but only 3 weeks after flm so will have to see . will enter it on the day probably . will do penny lane though as my target is to get speed back this summer over 5-6 milers .
POS nah , it 'll be scott ! well done hana - like i said , it 's already on sky + so looking forward to sitting down with a very very large glass of a decent rioja and watching you on monday evening !
POS just wanted to say a huge good luck to jason at katrina for tomorrow - hope you have a great run and enjoy the atmosphere !! katrina , hope the cold is gone . roo - well done on your pb ! sorry to hear about your friend 's baby , hope all is ok . xx . roo/legs - i will prob watch on tv , but if i can make it down i will text you .
POS thanks alex ! ywould love one , you are a star . . will sponsor you on weds when i get paid though as no money in the world right now ! will email you then once i 've done it . how did you get on yourself this year ? stomach behaving better ?! ;--RRB- your story from last year was my all-time fave !!! EMO_HAPPY
POS morning all . sounds like some good running going on again now . i 'm feeling a bit like mr blobby for some reason , but will hopefuly get back in to it soon . cruisin . good to see you back , and a huge well done for raising that amount . fantastic . tutu . my pb for 2008 flm was around 31 mins improvement . bound to be someone with a better one i guess ? . i was dead chuffed with my time 'till i found out a 67 year old in my running club , beat me by 3 mins , with a 3 .42 . that bought me down to earth with a bump !
NEU oh bowi i 'm sure we 're all going to miss you EMO_HAPPY . was it something we said or your new job ? you must be sure to pop back in to let us know how you did on the moonwalk for sure .
POS watched it all the way through today - thanks alex. i am on screen for about 5 seconds but hey it was worth it lol . you 've really worked hard doing these dvd 's for everyone - well done !!!!!!!!
POS didds - having said that a sub 3:40 at abingdon is quite appealing !! -LRB- umbongo slaps himself round the face for having such silly ideas -RRB- . my targets for the rest of the year are sub 1:40 half , sub 45 10k -LRB- and then as close to 40mins as i can -RRB- . i have my first club 10k next week which will be my marker and then they do one in july and one in august . the july one will be my sub 45min race and the august will be to get as close to 40mins as possible . i am down to do windsor half in sept -LRB- the same day as new forest half ! -RRB- . i am booked in for my london to oxford bike ride in july -LRB- may see wabo there or not -RRB- . i read the rw article on lance armstrong and quite like the idea of combining cycling into my running training blah blah blah
POS 6th july , i am free , now dave do not knock this off !!!!
NEU brian - great racing , sounds like you 're going well . coro - i keep intending to do something at a watford open meeting , but never get round to it . a 3k might be interesting . let me know if you decide to do one and i 'll try to come along .
NEU cg that 's a big big lr for a hot day , very tough . + good run joolska too , you will fly when it cools down -LRB- prob for the rest of the summer -RRB-
NEU a lot can change in a week . having bailed 2 attempts at a 10m pmp run last week i nailed one last night to the point that it became a long tempo run rather than pmp . 10.38 m in 73:30 = 7:05 mm pace . was half tempted to carry on to try to log an unofficial hm pb as this is 10s per mile inside my current hm pb pace and was still feeling strong . ave hr 160 . very pleased . not sure what was different . i am transistioning into new trainers at the moment - most of last weeks running was on old ones with c 700m on them so extra cushioning may have helped but i think the biggest difference was just generally feeling up for it and wanting to get things back on the right track . the other factor may be that i had had about 3 weeks running mostly off road hilly routes culminating in borrowdale leading upto last week 's training so have had to readjust to running faster on the flat again . anyway - feeling more positive again so i 'll enjoy it while it lasts . steady 5.5 m this morning and hoping to squeeze in a cheeky visit to the track on the way home tonight which would make for a rare double . . cg - get well soon and do n't try to fight it . i had 10 days off with some sort of lurgy/man-flu in march . it was right at the time my training for flm should have been peaking but i just did n't feel like running so i did n't -LRB- was also v busy at work at the time -RRB- . i 'm sure i limited the damage by resting rather than trying to run through it .
POS yep , ady , yogs is def running with a ballot place . well done fp - another bod to cheer along the mall ! err , sorry lads , not doing beachy - like i said earlier , too much carp in my life . ticking along with about 3 runs a week at the moment just to keep a -LRB- very -RRB- low level of fitness - and it clears my head a bit from all the rubbish that sswfw puts in it ! x
POS you know how i always advise folks to run lots of 10ks !!!!!!!!!! still no pug ?
NEU great race report tutu sounds like fun . might have to give it a go sometime . as for guy fawkes , i did n't do it . i 've not run more than 10 miles yet since hurting my back so i decided togive the race a miss . ended up at the metro centre all day looking at prams and other baby stuff instead . got out for 9.5 miles last night , really slow and i 've not yet recovered my ability to run up hills as i had to stop a couple of times on the really steep one close to home . i know that when i can run up it without stopping then i 'm back to full fitness . . it an early bonfire party tonight with fireworks etc -LRB- no idea why it 's done a day early in bishop auckland but it is -RRB- so it cross training in the gym at lunchtime with a couple of miles on the treadmill . ozy
NEU was n't that shake 'n' vac ?
NEG i 'm backing off a bit this week after last week 's big week . niggles are niggly , especially yesterday when i had to drive to maidenhead and back for a meeting . worse for my legs than anything else - struggled through a recovery run in the late afternoon . rice last night and my legs are a lot better , but i do n't have the work window today to do the planned 14 mile run -LRB- lunchtime and evening meetings -RRB- , so i 'll fit in a 6-8 mile run at some point in the day . work is going to be very hectic in the next few months , as the charity i run is merging with another -LRB- larger -RRB- one . loads of meetings , documents , due diligence , lawyers , accountants , etc. etc. ontop of my normal job . should all settle down by the end of april - thus potentially ruining my whole training plan for london . we 'll see . . welcome mp , there 's some good stuff in this thread , but a lot of other stuff to plough through to get to it - 8 hours might be optimistic ! by my calculations that 's about 40 posts a minute to read . marigold - nice to hear you 're reentering the land of the living . i reckon i 've been virus-free for 10 days now , which might be a record for the last 6 months !
NEU i think all the quick treadmill running is definitely an indication of frustration of plodding through snow ! if it goes ahead i think conditions wise wokingham will be the complete opposite of last year . it was as close to perfect conditions as i think i have run in . oh well , pbs all round ? and claim an extra min or 2 on the old pugometer ! ;--RRB-
NEU sue c wrote . mm - you know an awful lot about cycling ! do you have a background in the sport ? yes EMO_HAPPY i still consider myself a cyclist even though i do more running these days than cycling . i got into cycling 20 years ago through the excitement of the best tour de france ever won by greg lemond and have followed it ever since . done a fair bit of racing but time constraints since my daughter was born have caused me to take up running to keep fit - bizarrely doing marathon training is easier -LRB- timewise -RRB- with a family than trying to train for time trials or road races . . caterpillar girl - v jealous of the fact you 've got your 5 x longest runs done already . i ' ve got another lsr planned tomorrow -LRB- weather permitting -RRB- but i 'm building up over the next 11 weeks to get them all in rather than getting them done early on . pmp - i 'm with xps on this one . i try and fit in 1 x pmp pace run of an hour every two weeks to ` practice ' running at target pace but my take on it is that you should do varied runs throughout the week to work on all aspects of your fitness - lsr , pmp , intervals to develop your vo2 max , recovery runs . the only thing missing -LRB- at present -RRB- in my weekly schedule is a medium length run of 10-13 miles but this is something i am planning on introducing to increase my miles shortly .
NEU a lot of thought has to go into my signs . do you know how many clip art pictures there are out there ??
POS i think those who dont put on weight should take some of the rest of our weight as they burn it off easier . anyone watching london let us all know where you 'll be so you can cheer us - if its still light by the time i get past --
NEG he 's right though emily . it 's really tough when you want to do it , but better in the long run to miss it than to get properly injured . yes a swim later might be good as then you have n't got the pounding . i know how you 're feeling .
POS i 'm back from my fab weekend in carlise . lovely country house hotel , too much food and drink and no running at all . will have to get back to it tomorrow . watched the boys play rugby in sleet and gusting wind . was totally drenched and freezing cold afterwards but good games . got back to hotel for lovely hot bubbly bath and a bottle of champagne ! ah it sounds like the exams went well . hope you hear soon as the waiting is often harder than the exam . what are longest lsrs that people have planned ? i thought i read that someone was planning 22 and 24 ? is anyone going over 20 ?
NEU morning everyone ! heading off on my 16 miler . not sure if i should go the roads or the old railway line . railway line is traffic free . hate trying to make decisions when i 'm sleepy !!
NEU wibble !!! i was just thinking where i 'll be this time next week . my friend just has a baby two weeks late , maybe this is how she felt . you know it 's going to hurt , but ca n't stand the waiting !
NEG nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo . nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo . noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo that ca n't be right ...
NEU wotcha peeps ! nam , i sent you through a rather hideous photo earlier , am hoping you got it okay ... i 'm nowhere near brave enough to put it on here !!! i 'm off to the expo on friday , is it odd to be slightly jealous of everyone who 's gone today ?!! :-p . k x
NEG they are great at going slow . at least pen and paper people all had equal chance . iv been trying most of the day and got as far as enter ballot before crashing . i missed out last year to so will be even more disapointed again this year . get rid of that big red screen !!!
POS brilliant hen well done ! just checking whether abingdon does have a women over 60 category it does not look as though they do ?
NEG the photos were not good last year . i felt i wasted my money . hopefully they are of better quality this year .
POS kwilter ... waddling less wrote i was asking edith . oh ok EMO_HAPPY
NEU chin up jw , you are a champion ... ... . if he keeps behaving like this then he 'll be known as a chumpion ... . . take care you ... rob EMO_HAPPY
POS afternoon all , . tr - happy birthday mate . i decided on a10k off-road race last night instead of track - good decision , really nice run . 36:30 and 6th place . it was in the grounds of alnwick castle/estate for anyone who knows the north east -LRB- or harry potter -RRB- . . well i 've finally managed to find a embra number ; & not ;-RRB- . just need to ; . - work out how to get from pen xxx to pen 1 as the number is 10 , xxx . - pick my moment to mention to other half ?? - work out where to stay or travel early morn . - start worrying about the weather . right where is that racers list !!!!
POS tr - happy birthday for today . charle w - belated congrats on your sub 3 . i was also wondering what are the main differences between the new and old p & d book ? is it worth buying the new one if i have the old one already ? 8 miles for me again and trying to build by base up in prep for abingdon and nice and steady . cheers
NEG viola ! psi : bet that does n't help !!!!!!!
NEG just for the latest update , someone else wanted the same weekend as us and had beaten us to a provisional booking . . so far he hasnt paid the deposit and he as until friday to do so . if we fail to get that particular weekend then i have reserved the following weekend . so either way it will happen - just when rather than if . regards
POS thanks for the reply , have just emailed you .
POS there are actually 2 charities involved with this - the hertfordshire community foundation -LRB- an unmbrella organisation for charities in herts -RRB- and the myasthenia gravis association which support sufferers of myasthenia gravis -LRB- a fluctuating muscle weakness -RRB-
POS prefer the new name more fitting i think !!! better be a good route with coffee and hot bagels at the end courtesy of use seeing as we are coming over to alty !!! ps i shall do those cheadle h run routes for you shortly !
POS can anybody help ... have just treated myself to a polar a5 . for my long slow run i 'm supposed to keep my hr at 65 - 70 % of max . however , monitor reads 84 to 90 % but i feel really comfortable , . when i slowed to 65 % and i was just faster than a walk . . toooo slow ! have been running for a year post baby , have lost 2 stone another stone to go and really looking forward to my first marathon . should i listen to my perceived exersion level or the monitor ?
POS pizzaman . cheers for the encouraging words ! i did my 1:26 half marathon in 2001 and ran flm that year with an injured friend which meant finishing in 4:31 to make sure the slacker finished ! i 'm keen to see what i can do at the fleet half since i ran a 10km pb three weeks ago and training has been going well since then . i take your point about the pacers - i 'll try and use them as a ` ceiling ' for a 3:15 finish . a further concern is that i think i 'll be in the 3:30 pen at the start and it might be a bit of a battle to find my way to the 3:15 pacer . . god , its going to be a fun day -LRB- assuming i get there ok ! -RRB- . the bat
POS well the mind is a powerful healing tool !!
POS laugh out loud monique :0 -RRB- .
NEG not worth throwing it all away , but certainly not worth serious or permanent injury . if the pain is still there after a few days rest then think seriously about giving this year a miss and defer to next year.have had to do this myself for this year.disappointed , but having done the race 2 years ago , it 's not just a case of `` only another 6 '' at the end . they were the hardest 6 miles i think i have ever done.better to be running in next years race than not being able to run at all.sorry about the doom and gloom outlook.my brother had an knee injury a few years back and decided to do a race anyway . he now watches me from the side as he really knackered his knee up.if the body says it hurts , do n't do it .
NEU wolfy . i was looking on trianline but i 'll try virgin and gner
NEU ... and when it 's finished you might throw up . sorry - that ' the sort of thing i should have kept to myself EMO_HAPPY
POS mwah , caz , thanks.see you at the thistle ...
POS nearly as good as the archers this !
POS mands . i 've been taking multi vitamins for couple of months now plus a codliver oil capsule a day and yes they do turn wee yellow . thought i was ill first time i noticed until i twigged what was doing it . good news is i have ` nt had a sniffle or owt since started taking them so must be good i guess or just lucky . andy makes a good point - i tend to want to pee just before a race several times and will probably be worse this sunday ! good luck everyone . mike
POS i have faith in you saqib !
POS i know of a very good one that covers north london and ec1 area . call brendan on 07950 233466 . he charges 30 pounds an hour .
POS congratulations spans . . maybe it 's only non-veteran males that has been changed . well , pre-2002 there was no gfa scheme for us at all . going to have to negotiate time to train for and race the robin hood marathon now to break 3-hrs . not easy as skip junior number 2 is due one week before !
NEG ok , so i 've filled out the form but should i send a stamped envelope for them to send my number ? once somebody put a note in telling me off because i did n't .
POS st giles hotel arround the 80 mark for a very nice room with sports facilities tottenham court road tube station .
NEG only 32 weeks to go !! , well minus christmas weeks cos no one runs then so thats 30 then there 's the taper three weeks before so . 27 oh and of course you 'll have a couple of colds over that time which take a week or so to get over so 23 , ah but then there 's a chance you 'll have a birthday between now and then so thats a saturday night out on the beer and you do n't want to be running with a hangover so 22 ah and of course there 's injuries . bound to have one in that time , which take at least 4 weeks to get over so . .18 . ah forgot new years eve which leaves you with a hang over for at least a week . oh and of course there ; s all those sunday mornings when you really ca n't be bothered to get out of the bed because its raining . oh and the wedding aniversary and wifes birthday , both of which you are expected to bring her breakfast in bed and take her out for the day . so that leaves 4 weeks !! then there 's all the d.i.y jobs she expects you to do on sundays that you have n't done because of all the hangovers , birthdays , and bad weather , so that leaves us with one week to train ... hmmmmm think i 'll defer till next year !
NEU hi all . just to clear up a point . i never knocked the abingdon , just saying its a small race in comp to d flm . what is n't ? i 've heard a few good things about it and it fits nicely between flms . so im defo considering givin it a go . woony
NEU the line was blue last time i looked andy - think you 've been on the drugs ;o-RRB- . i personally think it 's important to do lots of long runs to avoid dying at the end . i do n't go for the over distance theory , but i 'm aiming for several 22s as well as a couple of 20s .
NEU when is the melbourne grand prix ?
POS flm they organise so many trains to get there it is not a problem , i get coached to the start but then all i have to do is be up in the morning and on the bus !!!
POS mark , let us know if the zinc works for you . good luck for sunday .
POS < looks around innocently > `` whadisay , whadisay ? ''
NEG meerkat - i keep trying to access your site but there appears to be a problem . i keep seeing a picture of a ginger minkey - surely that ca n't be right ????
NEU i think i might go for a swim on saturday morning - really gentle . thanks for the exercise skeezix - i will have a hot bath and a stretch tonight . someone at my club suggested it might have just knotted up when i started tapering - fingers crossed . carbo loading - i am slowly increasing the carbs but trying to take on some protein as well to help with the healing - lots of tuna and mackeral ! i am trying to take on enough water as well but do feel a bit dehydrated so moving on to energy drinks from tomorrow .
POS bad luck adam - find a good physio , mine suggested it was my greater trochanter muscle and lower back and hip joint inflammation . she gave ultrasound/tens machine type thing/back & hip massage and loads of stretches and core stability exercises . 2 weeks of no running just swimming and 4 physio sessions sorted it out completely . anyway , you could n't have done 13 miles without training , at least hold on to that . you 'd have done a great half-marathon . what about the loch ness marathon ? my sister helped to organise it last year , then ran it and it sounded great . i did n't meet up with anyone beforehand as i was sprinting across the field to the loo - that was before i knew there was a half-hour wait !
POS good idea , it 's a lovely day , i 'm going for a long walk ! thanks everyone EMO_HAPPY
POS oooh , jpvd , you 're sooooo keen ... :--RRB- . 8 miles easy for me today so prob . i wo n't be joining you . have a nice sunny nostalgic run though ! ca n't remember where womble but i definitely got a push as you went past me . i 'm assuming you 're the guilty womble as we ran a similar time . do n't worry i wo n't be seeking revenge ... . much ... . . ;--RRB-
NEU hi monique , . which ironman are you doing ? i did my third run last night after the marathon , a club 7 miler , legs still heavy ! i think on the back of my current fitness , i 'm going to do another half marathon on may 16 and then possibly another marathon on 13 june in devon . i 'm determined to try and run a more tactical marathon and not start off doing 6.20 miles !! my only difficulty now is a training schedule post marathon ! i 'm not sure when to start doing speed and harder sessions !
POS 35833 surely . so it 's still cool and quite remarkable . nice one daniel !!
POS hi all . fairly quiet on the thread at the moment , like i have been myself a bit really . ran home from work last night , usual 7 mile route , which was quite enjoyable , as it had stopped raining by then and was warm . i 've realised that some days you just feel good , like you 're flying along -LRB- like ashley -RRB- and some days it 's just not going to happen and i 've had quite a few of those lately . 2 weeks ago i had a good day and finished the same route over 2 mins quicker , even by not even really trying , so i think your body has natural ebbs and flows of energy , it 's just getting it right . tonight i 'm back at the club and we have planned a recce run of the last 10k inter-club league race , which is a week today . this should be fun , as it 's got some sharp hills in it apparently , just hope i can hang onto the mens pack . tomorrow i will probably run a 13-miler from work , then saturday is rest day and sunday is track & field . training seems to be all over at the moment , due to various races and leagues , but will get it right . i 'm thinking of doing newark half marathon on 8th august -LRB- instead of darlington 10k -RRB- which i had planned , has anyone run this before or know anything about it ? hope you are all flying and looking forward to the weekend races , if you have anything planned . cheers . sarah :0 -RRB-
NEU very interesting smashy - i 'm amazed that you think the course/conditions could make 13 minutes of difference -LRB- assuming paula is in 2:15 shape given perfect conditions -RRB- - it must be an absolute stinker of a course . and poor tracey morris if it does end up taking her 2:45 - hope she has some people to run with at that pace or it might be quite a lonely race for her .
POS this sounds fantastic ! dips , would you say it is better to go on one of the earlier camps in january , in order to get all the principles in earlier ? or is it best to sign up for late feb when i 've built up a bit more endurance ?
POS wow - that 's wonderful . thanks guys !! thanks for taking the time to type all that out , joby ! will post my application this evening . EMO_HAPPY
POS my cheque was cashed from barclays today bequeathed . my mate has had his cashed as well and is beqqueathed too ! fingers crossed i am in i want to beat last years time !
POS minkin - tf1 is me , tsb , in my home computer incarnation . EMO_HAPPY
POS well done jj and shades . fantastic time jj , especially into a wind ! shades - 5.07 is not bad for a possible lurgy and big hills !!
POS i remember watching various marathons when i was small . mike grattons win , on a rainy day i seem to remember , enjoyed that one particularly .
POS yeah , will give them a call , thanks dips !
POS hi waldorf - like the guys say you 're more than welcome to join us the more the merrier ! hope everyone had an excellent xmas ! hs - sorry i did n't get back to you on the boxing day run - as we were out all xmas day - i had no pc web access - and had to get out early boxing day morning - before dinner prep -LRB- i should phone or text you in future i guess -RRB- - you 're right it was really frosty and cold - but such a beautiful morning - i did a 5 miler and got back home feeling on top of the world - new mp3 player helping . . did anyone get out today for a run - i did a a 5 miler including 4 hill reps up mill hill - only to the bridge though - was really tough but felt great afterwards . hope you are still ok for tomorrow cc - guess you are mega busy at the mo. new running kit sounds good normski - anyone else get any kit from santa ?
NEG back from 7.5 miles-aborted lsd , felt horrible , but i was running too fast . -LRB- ha ha -RRB- . i had to run through this lurgy . its now lasted 3 weeks
POS jaq , . just started thinking of hotels , saw your post , checked website , hotel looks good , price as yours , so i 'm booked in . london marathon contingent of two at the comfort inn . any others ?
POS the initial objectives of the london marathon -LRB- as set out by chris brasher -RRB- . * to improve the overall standard and status of british marathon running by providing a fast course and strong international competition . * to show to mankind that , on occasions , the family of man can be united . * to raise money for the provision of recreational facilities in london . * to help london tourism . * to prove that when it comes to organizing major events , ` britain is best ' . * to have fun and provide some happiness and sense of achievement in a troubled world . flm does not and never did exist solely to raise money for charity . but on the other hand charitable objectives were there from the start . . i still believe that all these objectives can be part of the london marathon
POS do n't cwy podds - i 'll stay wiff you :--RRB- . i 've decided to treat the whole thing as a learning experience . runs will be for training purposes only therefore - slow -LRB- what else is new -RRB- . not gon na race or even try to -LRB- but then again , i 'm not competitive like that so that wo n't be hard to stick to -RRB- . we 're gon na ` ave a real good time . bit of a larff while we learn . god i 'm sooooo excited !!! . must calm down . must calm down . must calm down . etc. ...
POS excellent trinity , we getting ourselves put about ! i also looked at the dartmoor event ... quite fancy that now , without reading all the details do you do it in pairs ? . i usually do the lovely jog shop 20 .
NEG here 's a silly question . i 've never done an ice bath . how exactly do you set one up ? do you just throw ice cubes in a tub full of cold water ? and is it okay to start by just submerging your lower legs in it ? my injuries are usually concentrated there .
POS on the morning of the marathon or any long run i will have a bowl of porridge with a mashed up banana and runny honey on top , it 's like rocket fuel and should give you a good start .
POS jamesk . it is also my first marathon ... but i 'm going to make sure i 've got lots of vaseline on those chains ! see you april 17th ! cheers . gdave
NEU bs . i 've been in a similar situation myself when i just could n't cope with even 50 miles/week and when the long run became more than half the weeks mileage . i ended up copying a guy whose weekly training pattern went : race , rest , rest , train , train , taper , taper and race . joke training ? perhaps . but i adapted it as a salvage job for marathon training . one difference was that the long run was on a saturday followed the next day by a 50 mile bike ride . ok result too .
POS apology accepted ! well , enjoy . . and come back tomorrow morning and tell us all that you survived . .
NEG dont know htp , is that a garmin gps unit or something else ?
POS katypie and diana d - hope your 16 milers go well . i 'll be trying for 18 tomorrow . katypie - you 're a bit keen - edinburgh 's not till june !
POS helen - true ! aa - i have considered it - how long would you have to spend jogging in the pool - whow long in the pool equates to what in terms of miles ? would appreciate some advice on aqua jogging ! i 'm seeing the osteo again to day so i will ask him about it as well . i 've only had 3 days off - but i 'm already beginning to feel like a right lardy any day now it doesnt help that people keep bringing chocolate into the office !
POS i do n't know!i turn my back for 5 minutes and all this tri - stuff comes out of the woodwork again - i wonder if anything can be purchased to deal with this infestation ? ;-RRB- . alp - sounds like a good run you had - hope that massage irons out those aches . cc - next time you are creating with the gold spray paint etc. - give me a shout - sounds like fun - you 'd probably end with 3 times the mess though ! normski - hope that treddie ache is temperorary !
POS jj - sorry to hear that you are n't going to make it this time around . but hey , there will plenty more marathons for you when fate is being kinder !! i hope you pop back in here often to cheer us all on ! good luck with your 10k times . EMO_HAPPY
NEU link sent to hotmail address trinity .
NEG ok delia , see you there . feeling a bit stiff tonight from my ` mountain ' climbing now ! ts
POS oh - and welcome ; 0 -RRB-
POS a list a list , this thread needs a list . pizza man . run rabbit run . ploding hippo -LRB- gerroff me gin -RRB-
NEG bd says he is not fidgety !
NEU oops ... spud . wibble wobble booooiiiiiing
POS agree with cougie and mr c ;--RRB-
NEG team 5er here . i 'm a bit calmer now - was in a panic at work today . . i 'm off to the expo tomorrow evening afterwork will anyone else be there . stickless bb and bd - which part of somerset . i have family down there - grew up there but live in london now . my dad runs a pub near wincanton .
POS right i 'm ready ! a chum picked up my number for me so i have got that and my championchip etc etc. bag is now packed ready with all stuff i need for flm , got my extra layers to wear at the start plus bin bag , so any of you that i meet at the clarendon you will have to excuse me for looking like a dork but it will all be peel off throwaway gear !! transport is deffo free ladies , just need to flash yer number ! going for an early night now -LRB- with my nytol which worked last night ! -RRB- , trying to get as much rest in now as i am sure i wo n't sleep very well tomorrow and sat . expo cheapskates - my cereal bar in the goody bag is out of date !! keep smiling folks . ts .
POS i think that whatever marathon you enter you have to approach it with the knowledge that every marathon is different for various reasons ... location , size of event , sponsorship etc. of course the bigger the event the greater the likelyhood the crowd support will be but ofcourse the flm is a league unto it 's own . in regards to future training ... there is a wealth of information on the internet and on this rw site for marathon training depending on what time you want to achieve . the easiest way to find a training schedule is to ` google ' `` marathon training schedules '' and choose one that works for you . jamie , . the key to keeping your legs going on a bit longer is those long traning runs ... getting a few 20 milers under your belt will help in addition to fine tuning your carbohydrate loading , wearing a good pair of running shoes etc etc. the flm is a fantastic marathon but it is n't the only one ! there are plenty of other great marathons out there for you to enjoy . happy running !
NEG well i dont `` run '' them do i. if you had been asked to walk 26 miles twice-well you could yeh ?
NEU hi specky . sorry to hear about your back . what did you do ? . shame about robin hood . i 've just completed my first week 's running post flm and managed to do 17 miles which is n't too bad going . going to try a long run tomorrow , not sure how far to go as i think my legs will feel it . i 'm dithering about how to approach my training now . blackpool in 7 weeks , then a 10k the week after and another 10k the week after that . glutton for punishment or what !
POS cant beat a bit of early morning glory ! EMO_HAPPY morning dips
NEU afternoon all . running from fairlop waters with loopyloo at 9:30 on sunday morning if anyones around . jason
POS stayed in westminster thistle this year and it did tick all the boxes ... walking distance from finish ... good early breakfast and a very nice hotel ... see you there
NEU 3 kids would be beyond me ! i am managing a full time job + ou maths degree + ironman training -LRB- ish -RRB- but only because my b/f is a runner/triathlete too so he understands ...
POS julie b 70 . it 's fab for a first one !
NEG oh yeah ... 5:10 . i basically walked from mile 20-24 !
POS mwcmf - cba - that 's definately going to be passed on ! nice one !! ooo - good luck in ny . and good luck on the pub crawl that will no doubt follow . after any major race i think you deserve the right to celebrate and doubled with a birthday , well that 's just an excuse to abuse it . i know i did back in may when i ran a half on my 40th birthday . m - it sounds like you 're about to peak or is this just a warm up for an iron man ?
POS just adding me to the list !! alan_every - -LRB- 02-11-05 -RRB- - barclays - bequethed . ali bongo - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc - bequeathed . annie -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - natwest - bequeathed . a princess -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc - bequeathed . beast fighter -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- lloyds - bequeathed . berry -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - one - bequeathed -LRB- i think -RRB- . burtyboy -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed . cath -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - barclays - bequeathed . chris s - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . crazy pavey - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- first direct - bequeathed . davey muv - -LRB- 1/11/05 -RRB- capital one - bequeathed . eternal plodder - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - barclays-bequethed . h davis - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- nationwide - bequeathed . heckenhocker - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- citibank - bequeathed . hs -LRB- 02/11/02 -RRB- fd - bequeathed . kit-e-cat -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- lloyds bequeathed . low profile - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- halifax bequeathed . missp -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- ltsb bequeathed . mitten -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- barclays - bequeathed . northern snail -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- hsbc . oj - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- rbs - bequeathed . ojs friend - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- halifax bequeathed . paul sant - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequethed . pepe -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . phal -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- ltsb bequeathed . plodette -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb bequeathed . riza -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- barclays bequathed 5th attemp . rocks -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . ruby k -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- hsbc - bequeathed . rumbletum -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- abbey - bequeathed 5th time rejected !! slimboyslim -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- - first direct - bequeathed . sore toes -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed . sore toes mr -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed . splash -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc bequeathed . steve grin bp -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - bequeathed . stevi - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . stephen rackstraw -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . susie-sarus -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . suffolk swift -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- abbey - bequeathed . tamworth runner -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- hsbc bequeathed . tim -LRB- paris 2005 -RRB- - 2/11/05 rbs bequeathed . tinribs -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - barclays - bequeathed . the villager -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed - 2nd year . tubby tortoise02/11-first direct-bequeathed . weds -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - first direct-unknown bequeath -RRB- . nippynora -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc - bequeathed - 2n d yr . wylls -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hbos - bequeathed . runlikethewind -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . weeman -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- abbey - bequeathed . wee witch -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - clydesdale bequeathed . wixey -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - halifax - bequeathed
NEG as you can see i still have lots to learn when it comes to posting links . shall i try again ? here is attempt two
NEU do you stop off at one of the many pubs on route ?
POS brilliant result gg - many congratulations and may you be celebrating in style ! had a friend staying this weekend so was planning on taking the whole weekend off , but did manage to fit in a quick run this morning - bit of a blast with a couple of good hills and nice to get outside as so much of my running these days is just on the treadmill at lunchtime . must say , running outside really is far more enjoyable by far and as beders points out -LRB- good long run by the way -RRB- , it is necessary to get used to running on hard surfaces . spent the rest of the day shifting stuff to/from the rubbish dump in anticipation of moving to a smaller place in london and now i ache all over , so not sure what state i 'll be in to do any running tomorrow ! bm - do you recommend the total immersion book ? was thinking about getting it as keen to learn breast stroke and then my `` challenge '' to myself post hong kong marathon is to learn butterfly -LRB- looks like a great workout ! -RRB- . hope the xc went well sarah - thought of you today , as it 's like a mud bath down in kent at the moment and i almost got stuck on my way back when i cut through the back of the park and did the 100yards off road . not as cold as it has been , but still chilly enough that i ran in tights , 2 tops and jacket + hat , gloves , scarf today . welcome boing and david - the more the merrier ... make sure you join in the chat and banter and let us know what you 're up to and no need to lurk EMO_HAPPY
NEU found the thread ...
NEU i 've just signed up for a few races too - taunton half and fulfords five in exmouth . i want to do the bideford half in march but there is n't anything on the website at the moment and the braunton 10 - ditto . if i 've got a few races to look forward to early in the year it 'll keep me motivated . have n't run in a race since torbay 10k in august - shameful !
POS hi everybody first reply so please do n't shout , i have been following some of this and just to add my view i did a few 16 mile runs to and from work about 3 weeks before i ran the cardiff marathon last year . i knocked 12 mins off my pb now 3.14 . i found doing 2 runs in a day gave me a lot of confidence . i am now aiming for 3.05 at flm 06 .
POS ever thought of joining a club ... will help you considerably ; there 's bound to be someone doing flm . ukathletics.net . cubs zone
NEU thanks hipps , cinders is a tuff ole boot so onwards and all that ... just played an hour on me flute and all puffed out so off to bed . tomorrow is another snow filled day EMO_HAPPY
POS thank you dd i will return the favour .
POS diana i have a 20 year old daughter who is single but as you know she is in australia . i am not keen on asking folks for money either but its amazing how generous some folks can be , once on a meal out with friends , i was n't having much to drink as i was doing rfl the next day , at the end of the evening i was unexpectly given 50 as a donation for the race and i never even asked for it . i have club speed session tonight and hopefully a 16 miler at the weekend . .
NEU skip , you have done to much you need a break . take it easy and all the hard work you have put in will pay off in the flm .
POS karen hancock . hi ! i think i saw you -LRB- plus a couple of others -RRB- running past my house -LRB- canberra road -RRB- this morning -LRB- 11:10 am -RRB- . looked like you were giving it some wellie ! made me feel a bit dispirited as i guess you were nearing the end of your long run and i was just doing my pre-run stretching session , with 21 hilly and muddy miles ahead of me ! still , i 'm back now and feeling quite good , having done what i had planned .
POS cheers , andy ! i was a runner in distress !!
POS saqib - good luck for the weekend ! i keep meaning to go onto your charity page and donate - will do soon . let us know how you get on - we want a full run down ! orient - good luck tonight . hope you get some good news soon . good news ! i 've lost 2lbs already - only another 12 to go !
POS hi hh & sdi . thanks for the replys . mrs j did the pengiun plan for her first lm & came in at 5:25 just 2 mins after the pacer . he stopped for a toilet break at 8 miles so she did the rest on her own and never saw him overtake . in the mag i received today it says they do usually 7m/ml up to 12m/ml in min intervals so hopefully they 'll do an 11m/ml which is what she wants . it says to preregister go to this website so i 'll have a look around . . thanks again for trying and good luck all . -LRB- beginning to feel a little jealous though have bigger fish this year . -RRB- . regards . jt
POS littlemiss - . well done on your first 10 miler ! your next goal should be to enter a half marathon as soon as convenient . if you 've done 10 in training you 're nearly there . you 'll be amazed how much more confident you 'll be about the marathon once you 've got your first half under your belt . and running in a race will give you a little idea of the atmosphere on flm day ! good luck !
NEU hi all , . i just want to wish everyone the best of luck with your training and the marathon . much to my dissapointment and frustration i think i need to drop out . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU ttm i hope i have a similar experience as my 10k pb is currently over 44 mins , and i do n't plan doing one before flm , but i hope -LRB- expect ! my hm pb is actually quicker per mile than my 10k pb -RRB- i could improve it . i have found my achilles seem to suffer as my shoes wear out . recommend running off road , as the knackered cushioning has less detrimental effect . mind you , if you live in london this might not be so easy . . ca n't advice on brooks or saucony shoes , tried neither .
NEU yeah just looked at 2005 results , maybe i should hope for number 23 in 23rd place ? might be more realistic ! took a quick look at 2004 results , field was a bit slower that year so top 10 might have been achievable !! not sure what the weather was like that year though ?!
NEG wilde rover , you wont get anything until march when you get the next magazine , i assume just like everyne else . when i ran for a charity i got the app form and youre in magazine from them and then anything else came from flm but as i say not till sometime in march .
POS rossendale eh ? know it well , did the rossendale half a couple of years ago , tough but excellent run , started and finished at marl pit athletic track . we had sun , rain and hail that day .
POS helloooooooo ! sorry for the long absence . it 's been a pretty rough few weeks . nevermind , it 's all back to normal in delia world now so i 'm back and not going to be writing the dreary things i would have otherwise !! i 'm so glad to hear that you 're all doing so well . i ca n't wait to hear all of the race reports after the big day ! i was talking to someone at work today about my flm experience last year and now i 'm horrendously jealous of you all for being the lucky ones doing it this year !! nevermind , i 'll just have to get my pb at stratford -LRB- aka hippo 's b ` day mara ! -RRB- in may instead ! ps i totally agree that mr beckham was looking scrumptious on wednesday evening ... oh how i love him !! EMO_HAPPY
POS rowan - great time today , hogmonster you too mate - must have ran a similar course to me . gazza brilliant - i am in awe of you all . i am obviously on the wrong theread if i can only manage 3:54 for 20 so i will not bother you again and slip off to the sub 4 thread . but i will not give up and this race will not beat me . i will be back . thanks for the encouragement and good luck all
POS morning , . how are you ? it went really well ! weather was good , the support from the crowd was amazing for a half marathon . i ran 1:54 by my watch , so was quite pleased considering the fisrt 5 miles are all up hill !! on the whole felt good and was glad i entered , broke up the training , was a nice change and with the hills you could class it as a long training run i suppose . . how was your weekend , birthday celebrations go well ? training going well for both of you ?
NEU bagels . and more bagels .
POS london is like no other marathon , beleive me , you wont need any music to keep you going ... .
POS thanks mate . tough night tonight i am watching a tape of carry on camping its so funny updating club records and drinking my ovaltine . and catching all the running news . . nice session easy 7 tommorrow . i am a charlton athletic supporter and pround of it , apart from the painfull end of season usual fall apart .
POS hello guys and gals . i have a straight back now but must rest for two more days as a pulled a back ligament had caused the problem in the first place . light 2 or 3 miles saturday then easy 20 at the stroke run on sunday i hope . still 5 days of rest might help re charge the batteries for chasing t & t man at paddock wood in a weeks time ??? thanks for the support everyone
POS thanks fenn . decided to put something in there that was more inspiring for me ! i sprinted for the last 300 yards or so on sunday . in my head i had a big grin on my face but it does n't look like it from the photo . my son said that if i had that much left in me by the end i should have run at a faster pace throughout the race . he admitted that he might be wrong when i had stopped punching him .
POS always aching . we seem to be in the same boat . i was after 3:30 but also will be v. happy to get 3:40 and a new pb . but this bl ** dy cold better hurry up and shift . also got a new pair of shoes to wear in -LRB- mizuno elixir . . nice -RRB- . great running everybody not long to go before the taper
POS aber , that 's some kind of cross training you 've got going there , not sure my legs would take kindly to any high or long jumping . bfb & rob , good luck with the long runs , nice and steady does it and leave some good recovery days in the schedule afterwards . sb , sorry to hear you 've been ill , maybe a sensible decision to lower your horizons , hopefully you can enjoy the race with less pressure and still get that big new pb . nl , i 've been doing all my mid to long runs in some nimbus that mrs h bought me for christmas and i thought they were really heavy to start with , my marathon shoes will be mizuno precisions , mostly phsycological i know but they feel much ` faster ' !! last ` big ' speed session yesterday 8 x 800m fast off 90 secs jog recoveries , averaged 3:03 per rep , with a couple of warm up/warm down miles total just over 7 miles . last medium long midweek tonight 12 or 13 . keep well now everyone .
NEG >> fabric softener . ? i was told once to avoid using much conditioner -LRB- is that the same ? -RRB- with technical kit , because it reduces the wicking effect . could be wrong tho ' .
POS ox - excellent , well done . how do you know what colour start point we will be in on the 23rd ? is it to do with your expected completion time , your run number or some other method ?
NEU you can take the dlr greenwich to mudchute , -LRB- in the direction to bank -RRB- , the supporters stand almost within sight of the exit . you can plan your trips -LRB- or check on travel conditions -RRB- within the london transport system on
NEG gazza that 's sick !
POS bb - thanks for all the fabulous organisation . . i am intrigued - your vest in your photo ... is that from ` tough guy ' ?
POS hi sweetest , enjoy your run later . i went out yesterday , so might go tomorrow for a little one then 6 planned for sunday .
NEU mark1 !! noone asked me the lap dancing question !!
NEG sanps - hippo will copy and paste . do n't want the rfg guys to think i 'm bullying them .
NEU me ? only lurk -LRB- and occasionally post ! -RRB- here or scottish runners . or threads to do with ipods !
NEU nj - why is the green start , much sought after ? - tell me its a millionth of a second quicker ? . a clutching at straws ouchouch . looks like we will be running with a world champion in our midst on sunday , in last nights evening standard , james cracknell looks like he 's very much focused on sub 3 . pass me a bagel - good eating everyone .
POS hi all , . best of luck . i am getting so paranoid , someone nearly hit my car today , and i slipped over - what a nightmare ! am really excited . picking my number up on sat afternoon - bad time i know . tinkerbelle , i am staying at novotel waterloo as well on sat and sun with hubby -LRB- is n't running -RRB- and two friends -LRB- who are running -RRB- and their hubbies -LRB- who are n't -RRB- .
POS love that idea dn - let 's do it . ca n't do 7 june though - sorry oo .
NEU james now look here . you have just done a bloomin mara . cut yourself some slack . baldy -- you need a flat one darlin . and not crowded . abingdon ???????
POS how good to have a surprise hol jane . hope you had a lovely time . ph hope birthday was good . sorry it 's belated , but i seem to have missed it earlier . cinders - i think i will take your advice . i 'll pop into dusseldorf at the weekend and see if i can pick one up . good on you roobarb with the disgracing - has to be done every now and then ! hope everyone else is well . i 'm having a good day today and learning lots . also just been told that i wo n't be needing to pay for my lunches anymore as i will be getting them free from now on - hurray ! they have a fantastic canteen here with things like steak -LRB- cooked to perfection -RRB- , duck breast , stir frys , salad , all to a really good quality so i 'm not needing to do much cooking myself as i 'm having a really good feed up at midday . and now it 's free ! anyway must go - i have to write up all the things i learnt this morning before i forget them and can no longer ready my handwritting !
POS lw5 , flm06 was my first marathon and i could n't believe how exhausted how felt for weeks . i 'm gradually getting back in to my running now but if you 're struggling try introducing walk breaks as this will have a mental benefit as much as anything esle . if you 're running for , say , 5 minutes , stop and walk for one minute and then do the same again all the way to the end of your run . you can eliminate the walk breaks once you 've fully recovered or take less of them if you 've got used to the strategy and its advantages . at flm06 i walked for 1 minute at the end of each mile up to 20 so even towards the end i could still keep going by saying `` only 9ish more minutes until my next break '' - i ran without breaks after mile 20 . i recovered much quicker because of this strategy and i 'm still using it now . i ran 3 miles 3 days after flm , with walk breaks , of course ! give it a try and see if it helps . best of luck .
NEU pinks speed sessions are usually pretty much flat out bursts of up to 1/2mile 90-95 % hr . a tempo session is a more sustained speed session up to 11/2 hrs . these are done at about 85-90 % of maximum hr .
NEU jej - pbs by the dozen ... was the 1500 another slow-run race ? . dana - ah the kebab-shops of nottingham . i used to be an expert in em back in my student days ... but yeah i know what you mean - i think i 've been cranking it up a bit now that the clothes have come off . where 's your money for the cricket dan ? good morning session for england . . is it the first yately this wednesday ?
POS gd - just doing 13.1 m in this heat is an achievement . i got up really early to run my 12m , started really slow as legs felt a little heavy after yesterdays hill session , then picked up the pace a little , felt nice and easy , came home in 1:34 -LRB- av 7:50 -RRB- . started cool , ended very hot , took on almost 1.5 litres , and have been drinking ever since .
POS pugs . if your 18.09 was a pb then i would n't worry . you 're still getting faster , and you 're not injured .
POS tmr : . i agree with the not blasting off statement you made regarding xc races . in the local sunday league races , last season i blasted off with the leaders and by the end of the race was holding on . i then ran the bigger xc races such as the southerns -LRB- mike gratton will remember that one ! -RRB- and the nationals at parly hill . i started off very steady in these races , let my eager team mates shoot off in front , then spent the whole race , slowely picking off runners , in fact i overtook all my team mates and made up around 50-60 odd places and finished feeling pretty strong as well !
NEG just phoned to find out when my form would be posted out only to be told they had n't received my letter requesting one . same goes for the oh 's letter too . will get another letter off in the post tomorrow . just as well i checked though .
NEU sorry to read of so many with injuries . hope you 're able to get back to running soon . daisy d , if you have a question for mike grin then yes post it on here and i 'm sure he 'll answer it . :--RRB- . mike , out of interest are your schedules suitable for all levels of runner or do you need to have a background of a few years running at a reasonable mileage first ? i 'm planning to start your marathon schedule at the beginning of dec after a goal 10k race . would i be following exactly the same plan as last year and also should i expect to be starting from a slightly higher level and be seeing slightly faster paces on my steady and lt runs ? at present i 'm running steady paced runs at around 7.50 pace on a mildly undulating course .
NEU nothing gone from my account either . although a cheque for 40 which was highlighted yesterday is now not highlighted - i take it any transactions that should go out today would be highlighted now and there arnt any so that means nothing going out of my account today me thinks -LRB- why are my posts so complicated !? -RRB- . wonder if the flm organisors are sat in their offices reading this and laffin at us cos todays not the day anyway !
POS katepie . well done .
POS well done everyone for running today . i have ventured out today , but only so far as going to bingo !! am now 60 quid up so quite a productive sunday ! the goblins have left the premises now too , thankfully . . i got my flm rejection letter yesterday too , forgot to say . .
POS hippo . you did well today . how did your christmas shopping saturday go ?
POS ws : . happy birthday !!! now then did someone just mention birthday cake ???? laugh out loud
NEU thanks , glugg , where have you been?what are you up to ?
NEU ok - hydration . smut over . i used a large runner 's aid bottle -LRB- one with hole in the middle -RRB- for anything up to 12 miles . anything over , i use a small camelbak and a bum bag for gels .
NEG hiya hippo . she nearly set the house on fire with them once . she left them on and went asleep . where are you getting that extra extra extra large turkey from ?
POS happy new year everyone . the real training starts now ... well when i 'm over the massive hangover i have .
NEU ahhhhhhh . ive a mara on march 11th
POS cool cheers matie , i really need to get my back side in gear with my training plan
POS just popped in to say have a good weekend everyone - happy running !
NEU joe , that is how i fill , it is the frist glass after that did it for me last year , i did 13 miles on sunday and side after i have 15 weeks to go , not lone now ,
POS hi , mn EMO_HAPPY welcome ! stick around and see what you think . . when the thread started , not all that long ago , i 'd never done a sub-2hr half-marathon . hrr , i must confess that i 'm not drinking any more than usual . not because i 'm genetically half-cactus like the person who wrote the rambling letter to that effect in the current rw , but because my fluid intake is quite generous anyway and because i do n't sweat enormously . and before a long run , i carbo-load so well that there 's probably enough water bound up with the glycogen in my legs to keep me going . at this time of year i only take drinks on runs lasting over two-and-a-half hours . obviously it 's different in summer .
NEU hi dm/all . you are spot on about the club situ , i was with a club , now moved up to the hills and became slower , now that l run by myself . can l ask those people that are following a schedule , how comes they are doing so much milage above the weeks sessions.do they benifit from the extra milage ? / what sessions do they add it too and finally , have they put in their schedules befor and benefited from it all ? .
POS thanks bowi . how do i know if i have the seat at the right height ? when my leg is in the most extended position should it be completely straight or slightly bent ? also if i am doing it for cross training do i have low resistance and go faster or is it better to have higher resistance or is it just about doing a certain distance in a certain time ? i did 5 miles in 21 minutes .
POS a from e. wonderful ! best nights sleep ever-counting sheep.my uncle farmed sheep in the bowland area-i recall him counting in this way . lsr 15 miles then 10 mile race next week . gc dont worry about switching , as long as you get your lsr 's in during the training period , and do not overdo weekly milage !
NEU alroight bab ! i 'm a brummie who didnt get in flm , but have everything crossed for grn . praps flm 2008 so if ya dont moind oi 'll pop in from toime to toime to pick up some hints n tips .
POS evening all , . very impressed by everyones 's efforts . i did 16 mile lsr on sunday in just under 9mm 's and felt very comfortable which is a good sign . never run that far before so pretty happy with the progress . cant wait for the brighton hm in 2 weeks time ! anyone else doing this ?? bit sore after squash tonight . dont think i stretched enough . being a physio i should know better ! looking forward to the fun of the hills tommorow night ! cheers , . jules
POS sounds like a wonderful post marathon treat ! wonder if i could persuade the oh ? what are you guys going to do to celebrate ? my running club has a party on the night of marathon we have 22 out of 66 members running .
POS daz i just realised that your time is faster than what i did the brighton half in last year !!
POS cool if you 're a formula one fan ! . bowi what were you doing in nepal ?
POS ah good mokina . you have options . they shoukld be wooing you
POS good luck with all of the lsrs this weekend guys . as predicted i have done nothing this week but had a great conference - got some excellent results and had some real fun , but workload , late nights and booze have not helped to get me motivated to run . rugby at the weekend together with long drives down through west wales and then cardiff will mean no running till monday and then it gets cold ... but it will have to kick off whatever the weather . have a good time all .
NEU anyone doing cranleigh 21 or worthing 20 ?
POS here 's a bizarre thought . my mother just sent me a text , to say that my ` symptoms ' sound just like when my ` skinny and weak ' younger sister had anaemia - i 've tried nigh on everything else - look like a few irons pills and some guiness then . ws all the best . i 'm most impressed with your return to top form . eb - ive been advised that the best splits for mortals are 49.2 % and 50.8 % , so 1h 28m 30 ish for me .
NEG cinders . sorry i meant thanet 10 . just got a text from hippo , she is coming up to 20 miles .
POS welcome tallbird , sounds like some good running there and a good time coming into flm . you have some sound mileage behind you too . at , well done on completing the last lsr , sounds about as inspiring as mine , but it 's done and in the bank now - thank god !!! sb , welcome back , glad to see you 've returned to form quickly after your exams and rest . gc , many people have already covered the taper question . mine is planned as 24 , 16 & 10 -LRB- about 10 days out -RRB- which also includes a 10k race and speedwork on a weekly basis . ideally 3 weeks is good , but it can be done on 2 if you taper more sharply . . dfd , thanks for the taper article - a good read . not long til boston now ! keep of the grapes . cl , i would go for the 3 mile race , it will be a nice sharpener and you can use it as speedwork . i personally think higher mileage weeks are the key to a faster time , particularly when you 've reached a plateau like i have in my last 3 marathons . you seem to be doing just fine . ceal , well that 's just blxxdy fantastic !!! what a great time , i 'm so pleased for you , it must be a fantastic boost coming into flm too - all those great miles training and now this - yipee ! lor , welcome back , sounds like a good plan to me and you 're on target . lf , that sounds like a good idea - an easter bunny outfit - might be a bit hot at hamburg with it on though . i did n't have a good time at training on thurs night either on the track , so just kept it steady , felt crxp . beders , the canal run sounds great , what a different good company can make , wish i 'd come with you guys now , but there was no way i could 've made it time-wise . you were all flying along , sounds like you were doing cartwheels at the end . i found i felt stronger from 20 miles on too , hopefully it 's a good omen . hobble , sounds like tired legs and let 's face it , we are all bushed at this time in our training . do n't be too down about it , as you 've put in some great training times lately . ozzy , good to hear you are nearing a full recovery & you 're tootling along at 8 min miling again , which is n't that fast for you . text me and let me know if you 'll be there on friday , when you make a decision . clairster , well done on your lsr too , we all seemed to hate it apart from beders & co. i too ground to a big halt when the garmin bleeped at 24 miles , which i think was more mental than physical . i went home and slept for 1.5 hours after that , cold and lsr wiped me out . . nickm , catch up with you thurs as re-arranged for race on fri morning . let me know if you fancy doing 15-16 miler together at mp over same weekend . i also received a 20 voucher for `` up & running '' in the mail on sat , which was a nice surprise - a prize from last week 's ackworth hm .
NEU ta : . i hate to admit , it but i am too !!
POS susan . i estimated 4 hours in my original application and i 'm in pen 5 - so i guess that is where to go for . i think pen 4 might be the keen 3-40 types that we are not worthy of being associated with !! starting to get close - nervous and excited ! its shimmering heat on the course today -LRB- my office is just past the 19 mile mark ! -RRB- .
POS learning how to do the samba ! lol . night night xx
NEG dread to think what you might have found in your dish after 9pm !!!!!
NEU put your stats up anna
NEG i reckon it should say we should aim to run 7 % slower . me being a bit dense , i never adjust my plans , run at my normal pace & blow up at 18 miles . end up walking & lose half-hour .
POS i ran for jdrf which funds research into cures and causes of type 1 diabetes . a friend just popped in with some sponsorship money . she 's got two diabetic sons and is besides herself with gratitude for my efforts . she said if there was ever a cure they 'd sell the house and live in a caravan if it meant they could pay for treatment to cure their boys . feel quite emotional about it .
NEG i had to raise 2,000 for breakthrough breast cancer , but i was talking to someone during the race who only had to raise 950 . i forget which charity it was though . dark blue vest , but not anthony nolan .
POS how do you think you 'd do if you ran it kp ? can you see how you feel later in the week ? choc muffins sound yum !
NEU time for a quick totp before i head to the gym ?
NEU s-c - again , i will be following your training with progress as i am launching another attack on sub 3:15 myself a few weeks prior to your marathon . . the mhr test was self tested doing the session you suggest . the problem being that i find it hard to push myself hard enough running on a treadmill even with my friend standing next to me shouting encouragement . what are your hill sessions ?
NEG bowi i am with you about oldies trying to tell you waht they used to do . i qualified for a swimming teacher back in 1981 and a karate -LRB- shotokn -RRB- instructer in 1983 and a gym instructor in 198 4 but would not even think of telling people what to do as things have changes so much each year . how long ago was it that runners had never heard of gels etc .
POS just been checking out the two oceans website . 35 miles . one day . the same little voice that sat on my shoulder this time last year and whispered , `` sub 4.00 marathon '' is beginning to mutter at me , `` two oceans marathon '' . . most of the route 's wonderful . we 've spent two chunks of time in cape town and it 's beautiful round there . def some big lumps of rock around though -LRB- think table mountain etc -RRB- .
NEU sc i am sure you can calm this down again with a little common sense . little race news from me . 28.56 for 5miles today , i was a little flat today but this is still my first official time under 29mins . some way behind my 8km split at woodley but then i have been a little busy plodding and resting lately . EMO_HAPPY have a nice day
POS dot - i think it 's the same , but i do n't look back in races so have never seen his face . he generally beats ronnie o'sullivan , his local celeb rival in the essex scene . the results are up already . it seems that most people are 40 - 50 seconds down on last year . two members of coronium 's club who went sub 33 last year were about a minute up this time . the winner seemed to have a very good race for 32:44 . the guy closest to me -LRB- who beat me by 6 seconds -RRB- has bagged a couple of decent hms this year . nm2 - it 's a great site , set up by a club mate -LRB- hence the inclusion of my times from the days when 33:35 was more like my 5m time -RRB- . it gives a whole new angle of post race analysis - especially in xc where i can see how those around me compare on the roads .
POS hi nicky , good to hear from you . hope you get better soon . and rio , hope the foot is improving after ice and rest - what bad timing ! debs - do you get rw mag ? if yes there was a separate flyer in it about a 10k in sept in epping forest which looks good . have you ever run there ? i never have as i would n't like to go there on my own -LRB- and i guess i do n't like mud very much either ! -RRB- but i 'm v tempted . if you do n't get it go to and click on puma urban escape .
NEU although vb i think bucks/oxon tends to be a bit more affluent that delightful romford , so you may find we 're a bit cheaper than in your neck of the woods !
NEU ah now . i wear shorty shock absorber shorts for massage therapy . what did physio say ts ?
POS sorry guys gagging to tell you , but want to leave it to nearer the date for reasons that will become apparent when i spill the beans . i fly out a couple of days before the race , so i 'll certainly let you know before i take off . jej i think i 've got a good chance if there is n't too much wind , and the course is n't too hilly . i expecct to hit the start line a couple of pounds heavier than for flm07 , but should be about the same weight as when i ran abingdon last year . my main worry is cramp , but i have a cunning plan in place to avoid that , courtesy of my triple iron man clubmate . he acted as a pacemaker at abingdon , and watched me suffer on the way round . i 'll be taking what he takes to stop it . hopefully it should work . 7.30 pm ?!!!!!! not confirming anything .
POS jej i ' l go 16:05 ... tipptop -LSB- / b -LSB- i 'm racing the burtonwood 5 miler tomorrow . . just a steady 5:40 -5:45 m/m i reckon . . will do me ... lovely weather out there for a 14.2 miler ;--RRB- . pug
POS oh my god a girl pops out for a little retail therapy and you guys gossip like crazy ! sorry rio if i 've missed you but good luck for the weekend - will keep checking tv listings . gatton i 've already wished you well for your physio appointment . i 'm in for the half but am confused whether it 's mk or brighton ? sm where 's your picture ???? daz are you practising being bashful by removing yours ? what 's going on ? vb you have to ditch the cow print knickers pleaze !
POS rio - congratulations again - you truly are amazing . ca n't believe that you 're even contemplating going out tonight ! gatton take it easy on wednesday !
POS had my flm entry form through the other day and have now sent it off EMO_HAPPY
POS lf , congrats on your new job , once you 've been sat at a desk for a few hours , you 'll be bursting with energy and itching to get your trainers back on . great run at a cracking pace , the previous run was obviously your body having an ` easy day ' but i often feel like that . euph , yes , looking forward to selby hm , but have another long run -LRB- around 12-13 miles -RRB- to get in on friday , then i 'll start looking towards the taper next week , with some strides and shorter sessions . i 'm hoping it wo n't be too windy , unlike today , when i 've almost been blown off my feet . where is haltemprice btw ? was looking at your list of 10k races , as trying to find a good 10k course . ceal , thanks for your comments , now that it 's getting towards the xc season , i 'm having to look a bit harder for 10k on the road with a good course , hopefully i 'll find one soon , as do n't have one planned at the moment . dfd , the mental images which your post conjured up were just mad , you take it easy on those step ladders and running to school - do n't want any non-running induced injuries on the thread ! could you please impart some of your mental pre-race strategies , as i 'm really interested . eddie , welcome back , you 've been very quiet over the summer and will no probably steam in with a marathon pb at leicester . ozy , great run last night and it 's even better when you 've run that far - you feel justified in eating as much food as you like , well done . clairster , that sounds like an excellent session , which turns out to be even better when you 've run at a pace like that and did n't even realise it . ls , now you know you can achieve anything , no barriers , no mental obstacles , sub 1.40 awaits in your next hm . have you got a garmin ? stick to the pace like glue if you have . did a pretty hard session on the track last night with the club , which was 16 x 1 min efforts , with a decreasing recovery , so first rest period was 45 seconds , then 30 , then 15 , then 1 min , repeated 4 times . just when we thought we 'd finished , we had 500m jog recovery , then ran 1000m , which i did n't do at full pelt , as would probably have crocked myself , but still managed 3.57 , which was n't too bad at the end of a work-out . today is windy as hell here , the trees are bending in half . i think wind is one thing i hate the most as a runner . rain , snow , sun , etc i can cope with , but wind is very energy-sapping , the only thing worse is when it 's combined with rain or snow . 4 miles at lunchtime at a fairly steady pace . plenty of races at the weekend , with the biggies including gnr & berlin marathon .
POS tt . la rochelle is indeed -LRB- allegedly -RRB- a flat course . its a 2 lapper , which i know not everyone likes , but i 'm happy to give it a go - looks a bit fiddly at times round the old port though . its been won in a 2:11 -LRB- men -RRB- and 2:37 -LRB- women -RRB- in recent years . be a nice weekend away if nothing else !
NEG wish it was school ts , then she would n't be able to upset him so much ! tracey , do n't scare me with things like that ! i 'm still trying to have a little one !!!
POS or your previous times , flu making me slow ... . have a good birthday cg , husband already bought present he 's worth keeping EMO_HAPPY
POS wahey bowi !
POS 3.37.50 !!!!!! EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY . how proud am !?
POS evening all ! nowt to report , just popping in to say hello . . did a really good weights session a the gym today but i 'm shattered from it now ! . ts , glad to hear he got the right verdict , just sorry you had to deal with it all .
POS i do like a good debate and it looks like i 've missed a few good ones on here today . i 've got a new run plan i 'm moving into , moving things on from 4 to 5 runs per week in the next month . most of my mileage on weeknights is with club due to increased work hours , so i 'm going to take advantage this winter by doing as many miles at the weekend as i can . tuesday -- club night -- as with ppb 's varies but with slower talking pace at the start culminating in hard surges at the end . a few regroup stops so i consider this an easy session . wednesday - short , easy . the run i 'm most likely to dump . . thursday -- club speedwork , tempo run or fartlek with the fast group . if not the club then i 'll do tempo or intervals . saturday -- at this time of year this is my ` have some fun run ' . one of only two weekly opporutunities to run in the light . trail , hills , maybe both , but not too hard . sunday -- when i 'm not racing this is lsr day . in marathon training last time i was anywhere between 20 miles early on to 50 later in my plan - tended to bounce between 35-45 as would only do a 15m + lsr once every two weeks . my average for the last two complete months before marathon month was 160 , so roughly averaging 40 mpw . i 've never run monthly mileage that high before or since . i think i needed to run 20m in a run and then get another 20 in through marathon-paced or other sessions each week . its what i needed to run a good marathon at windermere . i also went out my way to run hilly routes which built my confidence for tackling an undulating/hilly marathon . do the same for flm and you 'll be quids in as you 'll have energy to burn on the long flats of the flm . this time i want to do more , i 've planning to hit average 30 + mpw by december , and 40 by mid january . my plans involve over marathon length races so i may try and push on beyond 50mpw on occasions . like nick i 'll ramp down a week occasionally . nick - glad you enjoyed -LRB- endured ? -RRB- bishop wilton , if anybody ever tells you east yorks is flat you can now force-feed them their empty-words EMO_HAPPY . that hill to the east of bishop wilton is mean , as mean as the one at gf10 but without paving to get grip from ! that was the significant hill at our xc there - i also found a few boggy bits . oddly the rest of the course was easier than this weeks at drewton woods nearer hull , but that one hill took enough out of everyone to make the rest of the course a painful affair . bounding back down it at the end was n't fun either , the sort of steep , bumpy , uneven descent only beders could enjoy ;--RRB-
POS ah - great news re . paris , just need to get your hip sorted out now . at present i plan to do all 3 marathons -LRB- i have done 2 in a month before and felt ok -RRB- - friend did london and stratford last year and he is in his 60s and he managed 4:20 and 3:57 . he ran london with his son and because it was a training run and no pressure , he really enjoyed it . my plan is to treat two of them as training runs and one as a serious pb attempt . on the basis i am not a paula and doubt that i will be digging deep into my last reserves in any of the runs i should be able to recover easily enough -LRB- who am i kidding -RRB- - plodding hippo does them all the time so why not - aim is to get up to 10 and then retire . didds - sorry to hear about your ankle .
NEU jc ... if you have 70 members you should be getting two club places ! . up to 50 is 1 place then a place for every 50 thereafter , ie 51 = 2 places , 101 = 3 places .
POS i 'd like to vote for mouse as i know she is a determined creature and she would love to go sub 5 hours . i feel certain she would value the training and it would inspire her to beat her mara pb .
NEU how about the andrex toilet roll london marathon , or would that make me seem like a low bum ??
POS lol , not a dirty word here today , mr c is currently doing some hoovering EMO_HAPPY i 'm half waving a duster around !
POS . i have a glass of red in my hand but only because we have a bottle thats been open a bit too long for cooking EMO_HAPPY the majority of the time i 'll drink nothing at all , this must be my first drink since new year , and even then i only had one glass of champers and one bottle of beer . . also welcome silver fox ! wish i could do 7 miles at 10-minute mile ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU the short sighted desperate ones that live round my way ! once it gets warm and the training layers come off , i get mobbed by em , i bet they 're already looking forward to spring time .
NEG i would n't be so presumptious gatton !
NEG week seven day three wednesday . my schedule says 7m -LRB- approx 56 mins -RRB- steady . my timex says 7m in 56 . 40 ... it did n't feel steady on the tready EMO_HAPPY as i said earlier i tried to focus on ' running tall ' and keeping my trunk stretched . the pain in my butt ock diminished quickly and i tried to stare at one particular point on the wall in front of me and ran towards it ... i kept my form for about 6m but the last mile was a real struggle and i could n't keep the right body shape . but i got there . splits all around the 8m mark apart from the first and last ... i can feel the pain in my butt ock again now and i know that no matter how i sit it 's going to hurt to stand up , but once i 'm in motion again it gets better . in the morning i 'm going to play around with the seat in my car because i suspect the settings have been changed whilst it 's been repaired and then serviced during the past fortnight . i 've never understood why people who work on cars never ever return the seat to the position they found it in when they got in . . it 's one of my soapbox topics ! grrrrr . . EMO_HAPPY . i have a new problem . . on monday night during the hills i clipped a kerb with my right foot and almost fell over . i think i must have jarred my big toe because i woke up last night and it was throbb ing and it 's doing it again now . it 's a funny colour too . after the miami marathon which trin and i did last january this particular big toe went a funny colour and the nail died . . and in fact it took about 48 weeks to fully grow back again . the last time that happened to me was after i broke a big toe but i do n't think i did that in miami . but it 's not happy at all at the moment . . EMO_HAPPY . i had planned to run 5m tomorrow , this being the run i did n't do last saturday when i brought this week 's runs forward by 24hrs . however in the light of my currrent aches and pains , and because i have no idea when i 'm going to get home tomorrow evening , i 'm going to take tomorrow as a rest day and have 2 days off in a row . steve mc i hope this is ok ?
NEG oh to get back to doing 18 miles ... EMO_HAPPY
POS gatton we will have bags of confidence after oakley !! thinking we might need some sustinence along the way - is it peanut butter sanis you like ? can arrange for something at mile 10 or thereabouts and then the same spot on the second smaller loop .
NEU i dont feel much quicker when i run without the weight at the moment pq . though maybe my tri training and some concentrated speedwork will help . would like to go sub 2 for that one !
POS well , well , well ... been affy busy at work , but sneaking a peak at evryone ' s exploits over the weekend it looks like the thread is really rocking . big welcome to the new folks . . as the saying goes ` you do n't have to be mad to post on here , but it helps EMO_HAPPY -RRB- . beders , that sounded like a really tough run on saturday . no wonder your legs were knackered afterwards . a few days in the sun will help no doubt ;--RRB- . well done on getting the 16 miler nailed crazy lady , the wind is a toughener is n't it ? not to mention a pain in the arse ! wow , little stoker , 3:20 on your feet , brilliant stuff and quite rightly a massive confidence booster . . i absolutely loved your reports of the trollers race clairster/euph . it brings back thoughts of the osmotherley phoenix , which was such a blast last year . brilliant running by both of yu too . so glad you had a great run clairster , you deserve that after -LRB- by your standards -RRB- a bit of an indifferent start to the year . onwards and upwards ! congrats to the chelsea plodder family for a very productive outing on sunday . moggie - wey-hey ... absolutely stonking performance . did you win a prize with that time ?? i think we all probably understand about running the race in your mind . . definitely more than half the battle imho . a great great run , and probably a thread record too . good to hear from you left foot , and sounds like there is more in the tank despite running a fast half . bodes well for your luxembourg marathon . night nurse -LRB- fanfare of trumpets -RRB- ...
POS jd & rfj - good luck for east hull 20 tomorrow . drk - happy birthday - retirement , that sounds good . am heading for a career break myself , hoping to take a year to 18 months off to spend loads of time with family -LRB- been working away for 5 years -RRB- and put fulfill a few ambitions . i finish mid may and ca n't wait . thinking of triathlon for next challenge as will have the time for more training . lorenzo - sounds like a good race , bet you feelt great passing others in second half . must learn how to do that in the last 6 miles of a marathon - any tips ? 7.5 miles for me this morning with a few sprints mixed in , ready for a long one in the morning .
POS well done everyone on their long runs ! great to hear they are going well . i did mine yesterday - 18.75 miles in 3hrs 20 so pleased with that , and also the longest ever run before but knee is aching a bit so i need to take it easy again this week . wondering if i could have a bit of advice from steve if possible ? i 'm due to do the bath half at the weekend , though the schedule says 18m - should i go for a few miles before / after and do it at slow pace / marathon pace depending on how i 'm feeling , or should i be happy just doing the 1/2 ? i 'm not going to go all out again as doing that in the berkhamsted 1/2 meant i had trouble running properly all week with very heavy legs . thanks very much !
POS bootsie - have a nice weekend . ts - hope you get your leg sorted . i am hoping to see you at beachy head this year .
NEU aah that looks more like ... ... it wind and rain . time for my run !
NEG bootsie , . do n't worry about missing training this late on unless it is because of a medical problem - sorry ankles will clear up and most training now is topping off and contributes to only a small % of your fitness compared to what you have accumulated so far in the bulk of your work .
POS tl any more details on skye half ? when in june ? mrs puffy would love it , but i have a colleague who is going on holiday in june and may not be able to get time off . she is a mcrae ... -LRB- but born in hythe , near where shimmy lives i think ? -RRB- .
POS dot - good summary . good to see everyone getting excited/nervous about the approaching big day & hellip ; its what all the early mornings , running in sleet etc & hellip ; is about -- and hopefully it will worthwhile for everyone . i am trying a different approach to tapering this year , basically less of it . last 21 miler tomorrow to make up 81miles for the week . i intend to do around 65 miles next week -LRB- with all out 10k on the saturday + a very slow 12 miler on the sunday -RRB- . then drop to 26 miles for the following week -LRB- including 2 rest days and a 12x400 blast on the tuesday -RRB- . this is a result of finding the running a lot easier this year & hellip ; probably because i have run , and got used to putting in , a lot more slower miles -LRB- i.e. 7.30 / 8.00 mm -RRB- . it might be wrong but will see how it goes on the 13/4 .
NEG good lord ! how on earth did people ever manage before gps was invented ! you use the mile markers and a wristwatch !
NEU metcheck has changed already !!! no rain and temp feel like 3 to 7 % , winds of 8 -13 mph
POS umb + wishful - i was in pen 5 last year so yes i think it is the 3.45 - 4.00 pen . i will put in pen 4 i think -LRB- 3.30 - 3.45 -RRB- as original target all those many moons ago was sub-3 .45 this year !!!!!! hahahaha ... i am currently thinking of starting in about pen 7 , but do n't know anyone else starting in there ! : -LRB- sub 5-hr friend is in 9 . . am tempted but ca n't decide if it would be far too depressing to start right at the back !! umb - you are welcome to borrow my tutu to try on at the start if you like - sounds like you want to ;--RRB- might suit you more than you think ! ca n't wait to hear how susan 's trial run in tutu went !!!!!!!
POS you 're very welcome debster . . if my machine fails to record as instructed i 'll be round to yours to catch up !! have a great run tomorrow . . see you in t ` pub :-p . right then . . i 'm off . thank you everyone for all your support -LRB- i 'm wearing it as i type of course -RRB- throughout this adventure . . all of us following this schedule would have been lost without it ... it 's been great fun and i am sooooooooo looking forward to tomorrow . . to everyone who 's running and spectating . . safe journeys . . stay relaxed . . do n't let the small things get to you . . smile and relax . . enjoy tomorrow and may good fortune follow each and every one of us on our journey tomorrow ... see you tomorrow evening . .
POS well done sezz - fantastic report - well done you xx
NEG rob , on another site someone asked who ` the nutter from blackheath who led the race was ' , seeing the state jamie was in when i passed him at about 19 miles i assumed it was him !
NEG people who have multiple partial entries , i would n't worry too much . if you read the pages you would have seen that multiple entries will make all void unless due to technical problems . if you 've got two entries where you 've filled in all details including payments , and got confirmations for both , then worry . if you 've only gone part way through before it crashed then i should think you 'll get sorted in the end , even if it 's a pain . i guess in such cases they 'll automatically delete entries with only partial information . they are not going to count an entry without payment details are they ? . someone asked if they were registered if they were getting a message that their email had been used for a registration . my guess is if you did n't get past that page probably not -LRB- or at least only a partial , see above -RRB- . it 's possible they are using cookies : little files that say you 've visited a page that are stored on your computer . if so in some cases people could be getting this message but flm has no record on their system of your visit : it 's all on yours . personally as i 've got a confirmation from worldpay i reckon i 've got some proof , and i 'm letting things die down a bit before i get onto them . i think if i had not got either email and i had n't got to the payment stage then i 'd probably try again , and sort out multiples later if it came to that . but without definitive advice from flm i guess everyone needs to make their own mind up what 's best to do for them .
NEU i did n't have my name on my shirt . a pity now , as i did n't realise how much shouting there would be . the mp3 players one is a difficult one . i can understand people wearing them . some people may have the music they need to get them through a hard session . i suppose its habits and whatever makes you feel comfortable . . there are quite a few marathons in america where they are banned though . interesing topic of discussion .
POS clairster , goes pretty high eh ?
NEG ah , back in the day i was one of the strange people in camden with my bright red extensions and many rings in my ears/lip/nose . i can imagine the frubes there running around asking lots of embarassing questions .
NEU jools , . ok you 're the boss , i 'll be quiet . i just wonder about 10ks and intervals when you 're rehabbing . just been for a hammer on thr bike , round some lanes . it 's a fair effort to average 20 mph esp with that long cllmb out of portsmouth .
NEG sue , i was going to pop it round . sorry to leave you to last . anyone else who is not on the list if you mail me -LRB- or have mailed me -RRB- i will double check and confirm with you whether it has been sent or whether i have still got you to do .
POS evening all . fantastic run for me tonight with the club - mostly off road with a few tough hills but managed 7.5 miles at 7.59 pace so really pleased . especially as legs still feel quite tired from the weekend . at least 3 people commented on the speed i ran - ` someone had their weetabix this morning ' etc EMO_HAPPY . hrr - before paris i had plans a -LRB- the very unrealistic by that stage sub-3 .45 -RRB- b -LRB- sub-3 .50 , also unrealistic -RRB- , c -LRB- sub-3 .55 -RRB- , d -LRB- a pb -RRB- and <u> e </u> -LRB- sub-4 .00 -RRB- ! so i completely understand . i was telling a guy from the paris forum about how many fallback plans i had the day before and he thought i was ridiculous , said ` what 's the different between 3.50 and 3.55 ? ' etc , but i know there 's a huge difference - in my crazed mind anyway !! even though sub-3 .55 does n't ` mean ' anything , i would have liked to have got closer to 3.50 than 4.00 . i knew it was silly ! it was strange , i simply could n't keep up 3.55 pace at paris , and yet at london i 'm pretty sure i ran 3.50 pace until well after 20 miles ! sorry to start babble about myself , strange how thinking about edinburgh has been making me reflect about paris/london so much . have come to lots of conclusions about both but wo n't bore you with them . . will absolutely totally be rooting for you all on sunday . remember all your best mantras and mental tricks everyone and run like the wind - with the wind ! . ah - i do n't remember the wind bothering me that much last year - i was just too busy being grateful that it was n't hot like london . do remember a small stretch along the coast when it was worse than other times but nothing too bad , really . . by the way , i know i mentioned i had been perusing the abingdon website recently , but i just realised i am doing cardiff half that day so no worries about getting tempted now - phew !
POS thanks tu-tu . fantastic running from all 3 cant wait for the stories , awful weather here hope they had it a bit better
POS diana - its 18 weeks til 4 to go - i just wanted to get going early to get some extra training and long runs in EMO_HAPPY . i <u> am </u> going to pb at this one by <u> a lot </u> EMO_HAPPY
POS tr . judging by marathon recover you must have worked 3 times as hard as me . nice
NEG damn it pp you beat me on the time and hr stats , thought i would have won on that one . .
NEU rb - fat and slow ! i just feel slow . well done coro . brian - get closer to the kerb then ! i did a 5k road race a few years back and squeeked under 18:00 - i remember my legs groaning at the pace though . do n't think i 'll be doing another . i 've only done 4 races in the past 18 months !
POS nts - i know i should n't laugh but that is a very funny story . i hope you are ok . passing out is a serious issue -LRB- that goes for padams as well -RRB- , take it easy . the only time i have ever come close to fainting was while i was in the operating theatre with mrsc while she was having a c-section . tt - 31m , wtf . it sounds like you are ultra material . marigold - sorry to hear about your continued problems . i hope you get back to 100 % asap and get a few more wins . bej - wow , that is some serious mileage . 8m ` steady ' @ 5:56 m/m today . still got a bit of a niggle with my thigh . currently in toulouse where it is very hot/humid , but hope to get out for a few miles early tomorrow .
NEU so what 's the cut off time ? do they have cut off times for each leg as well ?
POS nice one jools . as has been said you can only beat what is there on the day . echo jap 's comments . few beers and bbq to re-dress the balance this evening . certainly nice about the cooler conditions . got lost across wimbledon common meant only did the 18 and not the 20 i was hoping for . ccnba to add them at the end . . bej - 80 % @ 5.36 is pretty nice . usual run from coro !
POS ah - we fly back tomorrow -LRB- and yes , i might pop along to the club night on tuesday to see about joining -RRB- . it 's been a nice long break but it 'll also be nice to be back home . i might also get to see more of the gb olympic competitors , as they wo n't be featured so much here -LRB- although fortunately they showed the women 's cycle road race so i saw all the 2nd half of it -RRB- . looking forward to watching sailing , rowing and the marathon , plus the odd other highlight .
POS morning all , . i seem to be squeak-free now so ` hey ho , hey , it 's off to w * rk i go ' . have a good one .
NEU morning .
NEU tt - cheeky EMO_HAPPY
POS i thought i might , yes . i have pink cowboy boots !
NEG not so carp as more crap . . suggestion , however not so crap as it might be the perfect weekend will look it up . . umbongo the great - sign up now if you sign up before sunday night i think it is its only 55 euros if you wait after that it gets more and more expensive - tutu can have the tutu in the post to you in no time ...
POS great reports dids/marders/bej . . bej - saw from the splits that you had slowed towards the end , so something had happened . plenty more to come off come april . tom/brian - well done on the races . nts - glad you 've decided on sticking with it . you 're 2 line comment has decided my next 6 months . although i will be adding a bit of swim/bike into the mix tr style but with more running . . cheers . tell pug to put his rattle back in the pram , his hand out of the cookie jar and start training
POS brief running history : started 6 years ago when i became a london cabbie just for a bit of exercise.entered my first race 18mnths ago and have been steadily improving with each race , am nearly 41 and have just clocked 34:31 for a 10k on a rain soaked muddy surface so there is definately more to come.my best half marathon is 1:19 , that was in march but i should be a lot fitter now , i train 6 days a week , about 50 miles and have always used runners world schedules and pace calculators which have been spot on so far . my predicted marathon time is 2:38 which is probably quicker than my cab !! i currently weigh about 8st 7lb so im looking more like a kenyan by the day !! it would be great to run london i 've heard so much about it from other runners , so good luck to everyone who enters this competition .
NEG ah tarkers , i fear you are exhibiting a lack of charity and tolerance there . try running past a football stadium on match day and you will be dodging past fat , pie-eating groups of lads . but , you ca n't complain . it means all the bigotted , over-aggressive oiks in one place , letting off steam on each other rather than their families and other innocents . . or , 11am sunday morning past your local church is going to be frustrated by tottering old biddies trying to get into the lord 's good books before it 's too late . again , can you really begrudge this last desperate act ? they 've paid their taxes and fought wars for us . and now ... in credit-crunch uk , the last thing we want is that those with the good fortune to have the means at their disposal to stop spending . yes , quentin 's new iphone -LRB- undeserving little brat though he may be -RRB- means a shop assistant keeping his job , means the sandwich shop he buys his butty from stays open , means the shopkeeper can afford to buy a new house , means that you do n't fall further into negative equity ... yes , tarkers , those people you curse are saving you the worry and stress that could send you to an early grave ... please be a little more thankful in future .
POS no snow here in wet hampshire ... . a rare treat at club tonight , i got there , and it was a track session another rarity for me . . so 6m in total with 4 x 800m -LRB- 2:49 , 2:51 , 2:56 , 2:56 -RRB- , very pleased with that set as first time ever of getting a set under 3 mins ... busy weekend with races , hants xc 9k on sat and victory 5m on sun . take care all and keep up the good trg .
NEU hi meg . how has your training gone over the christmas period ? . sue .
POS congrats to the pug clan ! no wonder you have n't posted much recently . well done to the xc racers . did n't realise there were lots of county champs today . ours is next weekend . done a bit today - 5m easy in the morning , immediately followed by 45 minutes of tennis . then 8m this afternoon with 4.5 m at what gobi would call tempo lite -LRB- 5:36 pace -RRB- . bac boys - unless one of you tells me otherwise i 'll be at the ferry just before 9am tomorrow !
POS bootsie - if you have an ear infection you should not be thinking about running at the weekend . just go for a nice romantic walk with your boyfriend , after all it is his christmas present .
NEU ive alway use to be a whipper snapper at the short stuff ... in the day i was capable of a sub 5 min mile ! oh how i wish i didnt give up for a few years !!
NEG oops ! typo -LRB- meant 2007 and 2008 -RRB- ... , or was it . maybe i did run it twice - a guy did so at hastings mara in december .
POS dad of two wrote . hmmm , so the height / weight thing is still going eh ? well , i 'm 5 ' 10 ' and currently 11st 8lb . racing weight last couple of years has been around the 11st mark give or take a lb . i 'm happy with that , and feel a lot stronger and healthier than i did 20 yrs ago when i had a cycle-racing weight of about 9st 4lb -LRB- and i have n't got any taller in the meantime ! -RRB- . i pretty much eat what i want to , and the same with drinking -LRB- i like a snifter now and then , but i 'm not what some would call a big drinker . -RRB- . point is for me that i run to feel good - generally speaking if i run faster i feel better , but if i start to feel that i 'm losing all-round strength or that the end -LRB- feeling good -RRB- is being overtaken by the means -LRB- running faster or losing weight -RRB- then alarm bells start ringing in my head . '' . well we all know my opinion on weight so i 'm not going to dig that lot up again , all i know is , i 'll be running so much quicker it 's untrue when this weight is off . my lungs and legs do n't actually feel too bad considering the lack of training . . but when you 've got 31lbs of flab to lose , that 's alot of minutes for free . doing 3 weight sessions per week , nothing to build any muscle this time around , just for strength and definition as the weight piles off . . actually , tonight is shoulders/arms followed by an 8 miler down the club . . now where 's my lettice leaf ? cheers pug EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud dot :--RRB- . dids , oh well at least we can get use to a marathon season of you predicting world records or injuries to everyone . . nothing like keeping it positive : -0 . run well dan
NEU hi pauline . can you help ? i 'm currently doing my long runs at 8.50 pace and have built up to 18 miles . i 'm a marathon first - timer and hope to get as close to 3.30 as i possibly can . but i 'm worried that to get even close to 3.30 i will need to run faster , and for longer , than any of my training runs . which i ca n't get my head around ! should i be doing some of my long runs faster ? . hope you can reply , many thanks . ci
POS well done pavey and sarah ... brilliant running ... you guys are great ... total respect ... rest up for a few days you deserve it . . big time ! legends ...
NEU wonder how they are doing - or have done ?
NEU hi steve , my trainers have done 5-6 hundred miles will it be ok to wear new ones and do you think this might eliminate some of the problems ? fl i 'm not sure what this problem is - it 's hard to say , but i , ll be trying my best to get over it . not sure about running 3 times whilst injured , although i 've had similar type of problem after some marathons in the past -LRB- but i 've always put that down to giving my all during the run -RRB- . i was n't right for new york and should in hindsight have pulled out - but if you go all that way - then you got to run !
NEU barley , . please do n't assign me to a particular group as i wo n't be at mudchute the whole time and will be a roving ff supporter . thanks .
POS fantastic news lo60 you must be so pleased on so many levels . you are a great advert for running we all knew it was the running that kept your hr so low .
POS just a wee quick message ... much to do ! well done and great run - you looked fresh and full of energy at the finish meg ! a great time ... . take care sho x EMO_HAPPY
NEU those in bold are accounted for <u> runners . </u> broken bones . emily54321 . funkin . gemma -LRB- blonde bird -RRB- and luci -LRB- running together -RRB- . hess . jenni anderson -LRB- runjennirun -RRB- . jpenno . long tall sally . luci -LRB- running with blonde bird -RRB- . seren2 . triciahirst . wabo . tonka boy . tinkerbelle . sandi . claudia hitner . freemers
POS hi all , . officially tapering now , did my 20 miles today and feeling very confident and happy . been injured for last 4 weeks and managed to complete it with no niggles . anyone fancy opening a couple of bottles of fizz now ??? cheers ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU i 'm a bit worried about you lot ! you 're discussing running and the acshual race EMO_HAPPY group 7 have moved on from yesterdays discussion on marmite and why the b pings off my laptop to who needs a good spanking with my hairbursh and podds ' greyhound . not spanked with the greyhound . . . have we got the wrong idea ? ;--RRB-
NEU p.s. and yeah if a man who has only recently re-learned to walk can complete the marathon , i 've really got nothing to complain about !
POS hope you have a lovely easter too mrs s. have a good break from work . morning 7es . hope you 're all well .
POS well done marmite . what kind of structure have you got to your training at the moment ? well raced br and hilly . hh - good decision to call it if you were struggling , but i 'm a bit confused . you say you want to do 32 in a few weeks time , so as i can see it , your rep paces were pretty much spot on ? your rep times to race pace work out as 2000m = 31:55 / 10k , 1200m = 15:37 / 5k , 800m = 8:45 / 3k & 400m = 4:04 / 1500m . that to me looks about what you should be doing , rather than too fast , or have i missed something ? do n't forget it was quite warm y ` day as well , so that would have contributed to this feeling harder on top of the track session the day before . tr - hope the run went well . chin up . there 's still another 10 days . have you gotten it checked out ? try taking some calcium and magnesium supplements . they may help with the spasming . seriously . wtgy - well done on 3rd . laugh out loud @ ` was trying to remember what proper runners do to drop people ' - and what are you then if not a proper runner ? coro - i wore the adizero 's for the tt again yesterday . i think they are now my new favourite shoe . they just seem more conducive to faster running . they 're a little harder than the streaks , but that seems to suit me a bit better for faster stuff ... . legs were a little heavy this morning -LRB- unsurprising after fartlek on tuesday and a tt yesterday -RRB- , so with a 2 hour run coming up this pm i kept my recovery even more gentle than usual . as rb is not around to do his pace police bit , 6m @ 7:48 m/m . i think that is the slowest i 've run , outside of a cool-down all year ... i 'm starting to enjoy my little jogs as my second runs though .
NEU are you resting claire ??
NEU text run to 83040 . i think you get a return text with a link to a website where you put in the race number .
POS rat - do n't worry , everybody 's the same . this week i 've been having niggly niggles in just about every part of my body , and only today did i walk out of the house and feel that , yes , maybe my legs were , in fact , getting the benefits of the taper and starting to feel good and strong . by friday you 'll be bursting with energy and feeling 110 % fit . go for the massage by all means , but tell them it 's with the flm in mind .
POS great pics to nam . been thinking about tri for a while now but just cant get on with the swin front crawl last a couple of lenghts 20m pool and breaststroke takes about a hour for a mile dread to think about open water
NEU engrose - not sure you should follow the menu too closely . . i 'm not sure that i 'll be eating a dry baked potato or a tin of fruit . right up for the ice cream though . it said 4 scoops of ben & jerry 's , yes ? '' . wotsit , i think i have been looking at a different menu !!! no surprise there though ! EMO_HAPPY . is anyone else really hungry all the time since tapering off ? no ones food is safe in my office ... god forbid if they take a pause while eating !!! i look hopefully in their direction in case there is any food going !! EMO_HAPPY
NEG i feel your pain livvy
POS hurrah ! i 've entered . oh damn . sorry , i meant that a ` friend of mine ' has entered , that 's what i meant , coz ` i 'm never doing a marathon again ever ' . . you have n't seen me here , right . EMO_HAPPY
NEG artful hen wrote . god , do n't i ramble on ? please do n't answer that . '' . < diplomatic silence > . < / diplomatic silence >
POS just as well kirsty has a job . the price of petrol to go up for that interview and back is not cheap . lyndy - good luck with your run this weekend . it is lovely weather for running .
NEU need some help and advice , please . have developed a ` pressure sore ' on my heel , at the top of the back of my shoe . what 's the best or quickest way to heal this ? i 've been running in these shoes for about two weeks and they seem fine , had n't given any sign of rubbing or problems . it was when i walked 5 miles in them that the agravation occurred , it was meant to be a sneaky way of getting the kids some exercise by walking them to their grandparents before running back for the car . i seem to have developed a habit for picking up injuries from non-running activities . any suggestions for a quick cure ? thanks .
NEU my oh has got in four entries in a row -LRB- although there were gaps between entries -RRB- .
POS jools , taper for edinburgh starts tomorrow , so 13 easy -LRB- ish -RRB- days now , unless i get carried away at wokingham next sun . mtr , good work on the 15 , particularly if it was in the rain i just about managed to avoid . that did not look much fun . br/hilly , now that sounds like a lovely run this morning . all the best for weds br . looking forward to hilly 's 100m race report . bang and there was the line , should cover it .
POS my god , the telly this evening must have been even more dull than usual , matt ! for what it 's worth i ran a 3 minute positive split , so perhaps 1.27 or thereabouts on a warm day is on the money . who knows . anyhow , in an effort to add a little more life and excitement into the thread , i present my hogweed trot race report . target was 40.15 . 40.26 was the score on the doors and either my pacing was abysmal , their mile markers were out or the wind and -LRB- from about mile 4 onwards -RRB- heavy rain had more of an effect than i realised . or two or more/all of the above . anyway , fwiw , splits were 6.22 , 6.47 , 6.17 , 6.40 , 6.14 , 6.42 , 1.24 . 3rd lady and a mug to match last year 's plate -LRB- also 3rd lady in 2008 -RRB- .
POS i 'm doing the north downs 30k with mr shimms on sunday omahd . should be a nice one .
NEG as a dyslexia therapist i 'm not so hung up on spelling errors . . . running has felt quite tough this week . had to abort 2 speed sessions that makes me realise i ca n't do speedwork the week following a half marathon . i 'm just not recovering like i used to - sadly and as much as i do n't like to admit it , it must be to do with age !
NEU i used to have to leave at least a couple of hours otherwise i got stitch . for several of my lsrs over the winter i had nothing before going out other than liquids -LRB- sports drinks -RRB- - i 'm trying to get used to haveing at least a light brekkie before i go -LRB- just means getting up even earlier ! -RRB- . for daytime sessions i still leave 2-2 .5 hours if i can - prefer to feel 'em pty ' when i run . wel - just 4 away then ... ... !
POS burn those schedules and run free ! hopefully it 'll be nice and warm here early in the morning too - i like training when its stinking hot , but i need to be all done by 8:30 and i doubt it 'll be that warm by then .
POS i 'd just be interested to know . EMO_HAPPY
POS had n't really thought about this yet . i 've done 10 - 11 milers for the last 6 sundays , so i feel ok at the moment .
POS thanks mecca , much appreciated ! -LRB- its the only thing that keeps me going on those old wintery runs , knowing that i have to do it -RRB-
POS personally do n't think that going up to marathon training would be beyond you . i 'd take it if i were you .
POS and as a previous applicant they should send you one automatically .
NEG i ca n't seem to stop eating . whenever i can stay awake long enough . have n't seemed to gain any weight , but then not lost any . trouble i had last year was that after themarathon training deminished and weight started to gain ... only answer start training for this year . !!
POS that sounds good ht , maybe i should offer him a suck on my energy juice ?
POS can you make it about 7.15 . only these guys start at 7.30 sharp and do n't hang around for anyone.if you plan to get changed you might want to make it about 7.10 as there are changing facilities there.i 'll be changed already , i prefer to get home and showered . there is a courtesy charge of 50p per run ! i 'll chip in for both of us ... think i can afford it !
POS yes forget about carrying anything . listen to the crowd . last year i knew that khalid kannouchi and paula had won and that kk -LRB- not me i 'm kk -RRB- had set a world record , by actually talking to the crowd . plus talk to others round you , and say thank you to the waterstop people and the kids offering sweets and banana and it 's great . rythym you 'll be fine !!
NEU i know just what you mean tibby - i 'm following the runners world schedule to the letter t and its killing me watching my running pals -LRB- including my husband ! -RRB- doing longer and faster runs than me . but the tapering is recommended by experts with years of experience so who are we to argue ! last year after a weeks holiday and no running i ran the fastest 10k of my life so there 's something to be said for rested muscles . good luck .
NEG well not after you 've just peeled it off your sweaty foot anyway !
NEU hi guys . it was good to meet up before the start . i thought it was an excellent day - having my name on the shirt seemed a bit tacky at the start , but when my knee packed up at 19 miles it really helped everyone calling my name . . i thought the last seven miles was going to be a long walk to the finish , but i managed to slow jog and walk most of it , so i guess i should not be too disappointed with the time considering -LRB- even though i do feel a bit gutted -RRB- . next year !!
POS my sister did it last year and she is a huge 20 stone munter -LRB- exagerating maybe just a bit -RRB- it took her 71/2 hours , but she did it . it is a matter of the mind !!!
NEG help me ! ... i 've never done it before ! i 'm worried that i 'm not doing enough yet to get me thu it . . and i got ta get thru this !!
POS blister . you have a great memory you are spot on with my time for cardiff !! do n't be frightened i do not have natural talent and no way could i compete with your times . but you are right on 1-3 ... lol all down to hard work . i feel deeply honoured that i inspire you but i am just keen to do as well as i am able to do thats all . you fast guys inspire me to work even harder and i ca n't wait to beat my bullying training partner , only 2 minutes faster than me i will get him !!!!
NEG what was the bad one dips ... rain rain and more rain !!
NEG blue start . 90 minutes . cowhill plodder . lll . man in black . plodding p. susiebee . xfr bear . 8,000 others . green start . always aching 29900 . lizzyb . minni 30023 . spans . 5,000 others . red start . blisters . calf . 20,000 others
NEU my first too and i ca n't believe how fresh i felt . did n't have a dip and felt great all the way round , i actually went off a bit too slowly and so had tons of energy left for the last 5 miles , ended up running like the clappers to get under 4 hours - sorry if you were one of the people i barged out of the way !! . the congestion was a little frustrating to say the least and i think if i do another marathon it will be a quieter one , where i 'll see if i can improve on my time . missed the forumites at mile 18 but the rest of the crowds were great , not sure i 'd have been happy to stand in that weather for 4 + hours . text messages a `` bit !!!! '' disappointing too .
NEG ahhh , thinking back , i do n't think i did did i ? it was definately not in my bag anyway . what would it have been doing on my shoulder ?!
NEU hi all , can i play too ? i 'm looking at a nice long slow marathon some time next year , missed out on the long run this weekend as had a rather parenty weekend -LRB- both sets -RRB- but off to the gym tonight for the first time in over a month . got to get back into it !
NEG you are so cruel cougie ;-RRB-
NEU cc . & normski - hope you guys had a good run this morning . would have loved to join you but - stuck at work - boring !! cc are you still planning on doing the race on sunday ? did a really good session last night at arena 80 - 3 minutes running -LRB- fast as poss . then 1 minute stop and rest then three minutes back to where we started - did 3 reps. absolute killer - think i 'm comming down with a chest cold - noooooooo !! apparently some peeps are starting to get responses from flm - ca n't breath so excited have asked my other half to let me know if there is any post for me - ac n't wait until i get home . emma have you had any news yet ??
POS hi nemo , hi all . nemo , you 're doing well . apart from a long run at weekends i 'm only managing one other in midweek but at least i 'm doing a long one . i 'm in the nikelondon race on sunday night , wave 3 . look out for me i 'll be in a bright yellow long sleeve t-shirt EMO_HAPPY
NEG did n't do my race today - it was cancelled because of the ice :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- . i got mr debbo to let me out of the car on the way to his mum 's and i did 4 miles along back roads in fife instead . i think it 's time to relax and read some of my christmas books now !
NEU thanks for that - i will probably still arrive too early ! i am one those people who get hung up on time - i hate being late for anything , so i usually end up being far too early .
NEU it 's also possible that you are more tired mid week due to work etc whereas you are more rested by a sunday morning . although you had a tough 2nd long run you will probably gain from it as you ran when you felt tired , quite a valuable exercise for marathon training !
POS hippo - you really didnt taste the sprouts at all . . it was really nice . i have a smoothie maker but i dont know if it would cope with the veggies ??
POS do n't know what you 're fretting about greg . you ran a half marathon at 10:08 per mile . well , i 'm 5 years younger than you , have been running three years , and would kill to be able to do that pace for 13 miles . believe me , a bit of anxiety is not just understandable , it 's actually pretty healthy . if you were n't having any doubts you 'd be unique . what you do n't yet understand is that the day itself , the occasion , and the crowds , will make your heart twice as big as it feels now . just you wait and see . honest greg , you 're doing just fine . best of luck . andy .
POS janee2 well done , very good time . . reading sounds as though it was a busy half , so loads of folks to run alongside , good experience for london .
NEU not been yet hs , hope to go out about 7.15 pm . alp - sorry you ca n't make it on friday , like you say next time . hs are you coming on friday then ?
NEG blisters - the quacks have said exactly that , and reassured me that he 's not dehydrated ... . . yet !! he seems to be getting worse actually EMO_HAPPY kissing him on the lips is the least of my worries ... . he 's not yet big enough to aim for the bucket , and i seem to ` cop the lot ' every time ! aa - i like your ` top tips ' re : children and avoiding the lurgy !!!! i think i 'll send my hubby and z away for the first 2 weeks in april . swayer - hope that hip gets better soon . an easy recovery run for me last night , and another planned for today . tomorrow i will rest prior to hastings on sunday .
NEU no help to you now , but next year , apply for the gold bond even before the ballot . then ifyou get a ballot place you just let the charity have the gold bomnd back . i thought the alzheimers peeps had some left ?????
NEG i 've taken a few days off from training , i feel as guilty as hell for missing my long run , but i 'm sure i 'll feel worse if i ca n't run on the big day .
POS fifidella - like you say not a great course but it gives you an idea of what it 's like to run with a lot of other people . great time by the way anything about 1:55 for the half calculates to 4:00 for the marathon !!! but you can never tell until the day . i did 1:44 last year in the same race and ended up finishing london in 4:30 due to a calf strain at 16 miles . hoping to improve on that this year though ...
POS hi - thanks to all who responded to my comments placed last week - i receive notifications but somehow i can not read your responses - shame as some of the help and advise that i have read sounds to be good . finished silverstone in 2hrs 4mins , improvement of 4 mins on last year - on target at 10miles and even ran with the 9min mile pacer - but from 11 miles seemed to be treading water ... ... missed a number of mile markers so really please when i saw the 13mile marker and managed sprint to line . 20miles in morecambe next week trimpell - so hoping for a 3hr 30min target . will try the flapjack refueling instead of lucazade to see if that aids . well done everyone - keep going - not long to go now . and again apologies for not being able to read your responses . will keep reading the posted comments for ideas and help . take care
NEG i have not trained last week & missed 4 hours of midweek training runs , missed what would have been my 2nd 1/2 marathon distance this last sunday & as yet i still not been able to train this week because of a pulled thigh muscle , this sunday should be a 16-18 . what do i do as my training prog stipulates that after this weekend i should start tapering off & at present it 's not looking good for this weekend let alone light training runs this week ??
POS panties kids were in the bar post flm . they were indeed angelic . i will be there . might not make sense tho . might be nissed
POS hallo all , . the pringles thing was just what you could eat instead for same calories . men 's health is great - straight talking . i love going to the hairdresser to read it . how strange am i ? they had lots of stuff from rw in it too . everyone is doing really well and i am really pleased that you have all come into my life in this strange but wonderful way . we 've been thru all the ups and downs and i 've been motivated and inspired by you all . i went out in the pouring bl ** dy rain for 17.8 m -LRB- 3 hours -RRB- tonight - the water of leith had burst its banks at several points and my ` new ' trainers are wrecked . ha ha i could have swam in the canal and been drier . was good tho and i feel i must be quite strong now mentally and physically so a good way to enter the taper tavern .
NEG i 'm dreading that idiot on the train sneezing over me and giving me his germs . yuck .
POS tallguy - do n't beat yourself up about it . competing while under the weather is always difficult so sub-2 hours with a bug is not bad at all . welcome back sweep . it 's a shame about your injury a while back but atleast you 've been sensible and have set a lower target that should be more achievable . there 's so many of us with knee injuries on here . prohibition e - is tonight the night when you 're allowing yourself a drink ? open water swimming is n't that scary as long as you 're really slow like me . in last years firth of forth race i had a canoe next to me from about 500m into the race as myself and one other guy were bringing up the rear way adrift of the rest of the masses . it 's a great challenge you should give one a try sometime . just read about your 10k , those km markings were shocking . you may have run a sub-45 race already . cheers for now . ppb .
NEG hi all , just when i had put my thermals away coz the warmer weather had set in i watch the forecast and they tell me there 's gon na be snow by the weekend ! it 's no wonder we 've all had colds , flu , viruses , etc , etc. the wind direction changed suddenly today and the temp dropped 1 or 2 degrees straight away . on top of that i 've now joined the injury list with a severe pain on the ball of my left foot right at the base of my middle toe . feels like i 'm walking on a stone all the time . if anyone has anything similar and a remedy i 'd be grateful . . kattysparke , i 'll be getting to the expo for registration about 11.30 on 13th , comig up from east grinstead . will be travelling up from three bridges on 17th if anyone else travelling up from south wants to meet up . despite injuries and ailments i 'm staying positive about the day and really looking forward to it now . good to see zimchick and paul made the rw column . p.s i know somewhere that hires out walking sticks and zimmers should we require them on the day !!!!
NEU was your number 666 ?
POS hello all , i 'm back !!! um - i 've emailed meldy , thanks for tracking me down . can t have my email working on this site as it s a work address so i probably shouldn t really be on these forums ;--RRB- . showboat , sorry to hear about your problems , have you definitely decided if you re running this year or not ? i hope this thread has been of some help to you and maybe you could use it as inspiration for next year . i felt awful having to defer last year but it 's been worth it in the end as i m feeling pretty good now . how s everyone else doing ? hope you 're all tapering nicely without any problems . . it felt so weird on sunday only doing an hour s run . this week i ve got a 40-50 min . run tomorrow , gym session on wednesday and my final pre-race run on friday . going for a gentle 20-30 mins . back over the scrubs where my training really started last year . i m going to the expo on friday and will try and get there as early as poss . to avoid the rush of out-of-towners . on the other hand i may be so excited that i ll go after work on thursday - so impatient ! sorry not to be able to meet up with you shuffler at the expo and not sure if we ll see each other on the day . you re a bit faster than me but it s nice to think of you and sezz being on the same team as me . i ve decided to set myself tasks for each day this week to keep the nerves at bay . today 's task is writing and sending off the last of my letters asking for sponsorship . it s a bit late but you never know . i ve found emailing and writing to people direct has been quite effective , nearly everybody has sponsored me and some people have been surprisingly generous . total is somewhere around 700 excluding gift aid and my company will add another 250 in a money match scheme so it s looking quite healthy . must go before this email turns into an essay ! 5 days to go ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU 83 actually
POS entirely the wrong strategy i know but ran for 3:15 last night at 75 % mhr - covered 23 very easily paced miles . only a little tightness and tiredness in legs this morning - will get along to flm expo this afternoon for leg massage . tapering with a vengeance now - pasta , pasta , pasta - sleep , sleep , sleep - hydrate , hydrate , hydrate - very short easy recovery runs tonight and tomorrow - looking forward to the real thing now .
POS could n't agree more . hoorah for um and all the supporters ! boing
POS fabric paint and blue peter it is then !
POS greetings all , . nerves are well and truely in , decisions oh boy ... two pairs of trainers on the go cant decide which to wear ... ... all prayers , thoughts and best wishes to all 3:30 s on the forum have a great day and an even better race on sunday , you deserve it , we all do ... may be back online in the mornibg but can not guarentee it . . look forwards to meeting up before , during and after the race and on line afterwards to read all the stories and great achievemnets . enjoy :--RRB-
POS hi fb - thanks for that . yes , i 'm really looking forward to mb . i 'm not much of a climber at all , but did an intro week in the alps last year , and mt aspiring in nz at christmas . i 'm going with a climbing company in august . did you travel off your own bat ?
POS wp , . thanks . i have n't made up my mind where in canada i ` llbe making my home but i 'll be resident there for a while . i head off the middle of may . rfj has a picture on his lfm story and i 'm right behind him . i have n't found any other pics of the gang . alanm , is there one of you doing your interview ?
NEG it 's easy to jump to the wrong conclusions -LRB- as i did -RRB- - it 's been pointed out to me that some runners and marshals sell their medals and jackets , t shirts , caps , jackets etc and donate the proceeds to charity - a club colleague of mine is donating whatever he can get for his staff medal to the dreams come true charity . good for him -LRB- but yah boo to any one who is profiting for themselves -RRB- .
NEG thanks for the stats , wardi . hmmm , there certainly does n't seem to be any logic at all , especially if the men 's qualifying time remains unchanged , despite there being far more men achieving it . this would mean that i 'd have to train even harder to get my qualifying time at berlin in september ;--LRB-
NEU if done correctly , the reason that you gain weight is because you are storing extra glycogen - and glycogen requires water , thus the additional weight gain , which will be drawn upon very quickly through the race . this is also part of the reason you may feel sluggish and heavy at the beginning of the marathon but really good around 10-12 miles , as you have already burnt up some of your stored fuel and are already lighter . even if you already run off less carbs than you should , you would still benefit from this , as you are trying to encourage your muscles to store more glycogen than normal . there are a few ways of carbo depletion/loading , and one of the common ways of doing it is to have 3 days of lower carbs -LRB- i actually take this to extreme -RRB- and then do a 3 minute run flat out -LRB- after a good warm up -RRB- and then 24 hours of eating a very high carb and low protein/fat diet - so in fact , the 6 days fall very clearly into focus on protein/fat for 3 days , 1 day of very high carbs , and 2 days of normal eating . this is less likely to make you feel bloated at the start line . normally , the distance runner 's diet consists of around65-70 % carbs , 15-20 % protein and the balance fat . in the carb load week , the first 3 days will look more like the atkins diet - loads of protein , then fat , and finally carbs . you will know whether you have done it correctly as on day 3 of the depletion , you will probably feel like the lightest you have ever been - most of this is water loss . it 's really important that in the carb phase on day 4 you eat the right amount of carbs , otherwise you will not load sufficiently . as a 56kg woman who normally eats 65 % carb diet , this means that in those 24 hours , i will eat roughly 600g of carbs . i wo n't overeat calorie consumption . that equates to around 2400 cals of carbs . . i have done this as a veggie and it is a lot harder to do it than eating meat . it also is pretty hard if you have a sweet tooth ! but it works .
NEU or maybe even working ???
POS legless - thanks . very small field last year was n't it ? that might put me off - do n't really want to be last ! will see how my running goes over the next few weeks . had a lovely relaxing time in your pub yesterday . wanted to get out to lunch but somewhere where i do n't come across people i have barred everywhere i look . your place was ideal .
NEG i 'm the worst person to ask about luton marathon . i think the course is awful , i would never do it again . some peeps like it tho ' . it is a well organised event .
NEG have n't been about for a few days . was seeing my aunt ovder the week-end - quite sad , as she 's emigrating to australia next month , to be near her children who settled out there ages ago . she is my last living relative in this country -LRB- apart from daughters & grandson -RRB- , so feel sad to see her go . hopefully we will manage to get out to see her . seren - big hugs . i lost my mum over 20 yeara ago now , and as with yours , it was a mercy in many ways , but still really sad . i do still miss her now . no running for over a week , and wimped out tonight too , as it is so wet & windy . hippo , hope you can get something sorted soon and start your break - you obviously need some time to relect , and make decisions . welcome back jj !
POS like you say swanny . bring it on . . but not too quickly please ...
NEG nothing cashed over weekend so 4th time failure for me . just to rub salt in the wound both my mates who entered first time have got in . so unimpressed . EMO_HAPPY
NEG hi , . 3 rejections in last 3 years for me too . oh well , had already got 2 other locally lined up , one in march or one in may , so not too bothered , and can still train with others that got in . ss .
POS hi all i will be running flm 2006 for the disabilities trust a charity that provides essential services to people with autism , brain injury , profound learning difficulties and physical disabilities . i ran flm 2005 for them as a golden bond runner . they are only a small team but they are really helpful with trainning and support and need all the help that they can get from sponsorship . i was lucky enough to get in through the ballot this year , so to show my gratitude ill be fund raising again . if you have a place and would like to raise money for the trust i know that they would be more than welcoming . please let me know if you can help . thanks . andy
NEG and i 'm still deaf in one ear !
POS judging my your post i think you need a bit better finger control with that rubber one ! i 've not tried a rubber one but i do have a black one here at work ! ;--RRB- its actually a bit sticky at the moment too ! shirl , the week after next i will be expecting even more out of you . practise makes perfect , well done x
POS where do you all find the time ??!!?
NEU we let ladies in our group as well morticia - although they have to be voted in by the ` thread ' team and there are certain attributes that they must have . you are more than welcome to make a guest appearance ... -LRB- despite not being voted in . . -RRB-
NEG well done to everyone who managed their long runs in the bad weather this weekend . i struggled through 12 slow , wet and muddy miles . the cold bath at the end of it all did n't seem as cold as last week as i was frozen right through already !
NEU bedders , do n't apologise for wearing different colour specs from me . i 've done this race three times , and the start has been delayed each time . very annoying - i 'm with you there . . i 've just found that the positives outweigh the negatives , that 's all . we tend to major on ` organisation ' when we assess races , and of course that 's important , but there are other factors to think about . yes , i remember that there were complaints about the buses but i 've always driven there and have n't experienced that myself . the race itself feels like a big event which is why i think it 's good preparation for london -LRB- insofar as anything can prepare you for london -RRB- . bottled water , energy drinks , big field , tons of marshals , good crowd support , town centre running , finish in a high-profile stadium ... i 've never had any trouble getting my medal or buying a teeshirt . the thing about reading is i think they genuinely try to improve the event year on year . they keep switching the route and the date to try to improve it , and i respect that .
NEU some fantastic mileage being run out there , keep it up guys . just got back from my 20 -LRB- ended up doing 22 -RRB- very windy on the way back - bit of sleet thrown in for good measure ! managed the run in 2 hours and 56 minutes , probably a bit fast , but felt ok . i used some gels for the first time - sis orange flavour . reminded my of sweet semolina , yum yum - not . seemed to keep me going though , so i think i 'll stick with 'em . i bought a specific waist belt to carry them in , nice and slim , did n't even notice it on the run ! need to practice getting them out though , nearly ran into a telegraph pole whilst trying to get one out - doh !! enjoy your sunday evenings - hm .
NEG work means i only manage 3 runs a week ... 2 midweek of 7/8/9 miles and then a long run on a sunday . i 'm up to 16 miles now and doing 18 tomorrow . it 's the midweek runs that are hard . this week my 8 miler was b. ... y hard work . every step was an effort , every hill was like everest . i did 15 last sunday steady in 2hr 20min . can i still do 3hr 50min ?? i 'm beginning to doubt it . need some encouragement or some advice on how to train smarter !!
POS forgot to say - . get well soon tootie ! and if there 's coffee going free in hopkinton then count me in !
NEU pinks - well done at milton keynes , i was there too , was my first 1/2 m. i must admit i found the wind around the lake very difficult to run in , makes you feel like you are n't going anywhere . at least the weather was alot better than predicted . good luck everyone at silverstone and liverpool .
NEU who got the biggest pb yesterday , i know mr simmons whacked 9 minutes off anybody on here beat that ? ***** the stockport harriers how much did they shave off their half marathon pb going off their own watch chart ***** . gingerbreadman 7 seconds . witgb 25 seconds
POS itc - could n't agree more . i never dreampt of even competing in a marathon 6 months ago ... so getting to the end will be one hell of an achievment i know . i seem to have caught the running bug , so i hope that i will continue running way past april 23rd ... thanks for the inspiration .
NEU a convent somewhere up a nepalise mountain .
NEG think my feet/ankles have had enough of marathon training , did a fast ` ish 6 miles last night and hobling around on a new injury today , right ankle , ca n't really pinpoint it , just sore walking on it , that alone running ! not doing anything till 20 mile oakly race on sunday , and hope for the best . i do n't think i 'm designed for marathons , but i 'm determined to get round somehow ?
POS andrew , i agree with karen and jej - run the half at mp -LRB- but you have to be sure that you wo n't end up racing -RRB- . i ran a half at marathon heart rate 2 weeks before london last year and it was a real morale booster for me because it demonstrated that my target time was acheivable .
NEU hi everyone , . sounds like we are all on a high . hope everyone 's last lsr was a good ` un . did an 18 miler yesterday , just missed the major downpours . walked the first half cos of knee problem , then the second half i tried the pose method of running just to see . it was a miracle , no knee pain at all and i was doing 10 min miles ... i 've never run that fast ever ! went back to my normal running style as an experiment for 1 min and knee instantly hurt again . so i 'm sticking with this method for london . can anyone recommend so ok tasting energy gels ? tried the sis ones and they were disgusting . they had n't been anywhere near an orange and the consistency was what i can only imagine eating frog spawn would be like ! ok i have a vivid imagination . well done everyone on your hard work so far and enjoy the taper weeks .
POS aa - nice job . great run hm very impressive , . well fdone on all the long runs peeps . you all seem to be cruising in to the taper modes , not quite sure if peeekay is though ... ... ... i think he may need to consider a taper or 2 ... take care folks
NEU my running number is 13611 ! maybe i will see you there ! not dressing up - i 'm going to struggle getting round as it is . i am running for breast cancer campaign . i was thinking about wearing a bra over my shirt ?!? argh ... so close now !
POS busy week at work , but now demob ` ed till after flm . spending the next week visiting family in the south-west , so i might not get connected to the intermeweb for a while . run well people . thanks for the support and camaraderie . keep smilin ' and be proud .
POS easy ... easy ... easy
NEU defo for shorts . it 'll be very warm in the crowds . bike style shorts for people worried about chafing and lots of bodyglide ... t shirt or vest top only too ...
NEU did the flm in 2003 and loved it - or rather loved finishing it - said never again and had changed my mind by the following wednesday . anyway , after 2 years of rejections -LRB- nice watch and a huge rainjacket -RRB- i was accepted for this year , and got on with my training . although i have been quite enthusiastic and the training has been ok , i must admit that it was n't the same as the first time - i just did n't seem to have the same sense of excitement , which i guess is understandable as i 'd wanted to run the marathon since i 'd first seen the early races on tv . a good example is that last time i pretty much lived on this forum , whereas this time i was just dropping in and out -LRB- and consequently missed the support group stuff - must pay more attention -RRB- . anyway , this week the nerves have hit me big time , and i 'm really struggling to focus on anything else . i 'm trying to be excited as well , but , to be honest am a bit all over the place , and ca n't really think of much else at the moment . any non-virgins experienced out there experienced this ? best of luck to all of you , watch out for me in my welsh flag running vest
POS last post before the big day , as i have an early start in the morning . can not belive we have nearly reached the end of this long journey . the training has been great -LRB- except for the first two weeks of taper -RRB- . have meet some great people during training , and have been surprised by how generous people can be when you push a sponsor form under their nose . also the number of people who have stopped me and wished me luck . not forgetting what a great time i have had reading and adding to this thread over the last five months . have really enjoyed reading your comments , cant wait to read the stories next week . good luck to you all hope you all achive what you deserve from your hard work and most of all enjoy the day !
POS i have only just seen this message ! i was there this year !
POS ran my hm at a hilly watford . so i agree a soft target . re abingdon . i was n't going to bother with trying for a sub 3 , as it has never really been a goal of mine , but i 'll do it just for you , to make you happy .
NEU the future father in law is desperate to get my folks to ` dish the dirt ' ... good lord . we are having an italy paty here tonight cos the boys are all coming round for the football and one of mr kp 's mates grandparents are itailan . tenous but there you are .
POS dn - thanks for the words of encouragement . i suppose that i do n't count my 3 '08 vienna effort in the same light as the other marafuns as my target was 3 '06 as opposed to sub 3 for the ` others ' . i am very pleased with my negative splits for vienna though . 20 mins running on grass for me last night ... oh the long road to recovery !
POS manage another 2.2 today once i got out the dor . veyr nice , and once my mind was numbed to toe pain , i enjoyed run , any day now even downhill was not too bad ! will try 4 tomorrow , me thinks ! hoping to get up to 9 by sunday . leicester definitely on now ! claire - make sure you recuperate well ! weight : before rhm i was 12 st 3 , after -LRB- and after a fair bit of rehydrtaion -RRB- i was 11st 12 . now i seem to have got back to 12 st 5 . concluson : extra 2 lbs of muscle ! ;--RRB- . -LRB- ca n't possibly have overdone refuelling ! -RRB-
POS brilliant nicks - well done , you have really come back stronger after being so poorly ! no way i will be able to keep up with you come flm 2007 ! lol . rio , i 'm confused ... how do i know what i did wrong last year ? and how did you know it was the long runs ? i did couple of 16s , couple 18s and a 20 for this year . i just felt tired on the start line and felt grotty around 10-16 miles but after that i felt better and could have run a lot more but just did n't really get going again .
NEU ms raptor , best wishes for abingdon . i did my now weekly 13.1 mile solo run yesterday , and was slightly peeved that my pacing -LRB- without technology -RRB- was marginally off and my time was 1hour 47 and not 1:43:30 like last weeks . i guess i 've gotten used to always improving my times , but for a training run , i should be happy that it 's now a regular thing and not a monumental challenge anymore . the plan for glen clova half is to collar someone of experience who has a bleepy thing so i can attack the 100 mins target ! pidge , your photo did n't do you justice either . i had you down as a white van man in his forties ! anyway good luck with barnes green . it should n't be too hot for you ! find someone beforehand who plans a similar pace to you and smash your pb when those gazelle genes kick in from mile 10 onwards !! just do n't bring up your job if you like a chat going round ! ha ! ha ! i am gon na experiment with these wee sis gels that mr dap swears by at glen clova , if it can give me a wee boost to maintain my pace . hrr , i have big plans for you in the winter months ahead , so soak your feet in vinegar like a pair of conkers , and fingers crossed you 'll be back soon . . amanda z , hullo . good luck in stroud . think i 've been there when i lived in bristol . take it easy and think only of good things , never giving negative thoughts any space in your head . . i 've not looked at any training plans yet , feeling that the higher my long run can be come christmas , the better . i 'll have less ground to make up in 2007 , so might actually enjoy it , instead of it being the most hellish 12 or 15 weeks of my life ! qq , does the bloke off blues clues on nick jnr still sing the bedtime business song at 7pm ? a classic ! may have asked this before , but if i 'm 6 ft , 13 stone and have run maybe 500-600 miles this year , is it ok to wait for santa to bring me a new pair of 10 n a halfs ?
NEG given they claim to automatically mail out marathon news to those previously rejected i have a bad feeling about my 5-times-rejected application this year - they 've only mailed it out for past 2 years , had to go looking for it before then . have cheques stubs & bank statements available , plus list of the `` thanks for bequeathing '' gifts - 4 of which are still in use . have never found the helpline all that helpful ; maybe i just get folk who are having a bad day ... ?
NEG hi all -LRB- changing subject -RRB- . totally gutted today as actually dropped out of my 5k race after 1k . started strong then unbelievably right hamstring cramped out ... pretty much out of the blue . i stopped and stretched it , started up again , but it hurt like * $ ! ~ so i stopped . now i wonder whether i could have kept going ? was the seizing psychological ? because it does n't feel so bad now ? . first time i 've even started a race and dropped out . what a horrible feeling , but i guess it 's all part of being a runner . . in general i think i 'm putting too much mental pressure on myself over race results . which is silly , because it 's not like i 'm even at elite level as an amateur . from now on i think i might start thinking of races as training runs with a bit of company . . i also think i need to race more so that each one does n't seem like such a big deal . anyway ... really disappointed , so if anyone 's got any good jokes or anything ??
NEG good advice to take a mobile with you - mine plays mp3 's and i know i can always use it to call a taxi in case if injury - keep the volume low or you ca n't hear the traffic . . wear something reflective so you can be seen - even with streetlights it amazing how invisible you are without hi-viz gear . and remember , other people are probably more scared of you than you are of them - imagine how you would feel if you were out at night -LRB- walking -RRB- and heard the sound of someone running towards you . the worst i 've had is being egged by a goup of teenage morons from a car ; i was heckled by a group of adolescents once but asked them to run to the top of the hill with me - as you can guess , they all dropped out exhuasted after a couple of hundred yards !!
NEG i 've yet to hit an easy patch in a marathon ! hippo 's spot on with her advice as usual . my big mistake in my first mara was not having carbo loaded enough and i ran out of fuel too early . not pleasant !
NEG hippo - ouch - hope you 're ok - call a doctor ?
NEG sf is roobarbs partner -LRB- at work only -RRB- . ot ehrwise kbown as spannerb1tchbumfface
NEU happy new year all ! thanks for the comments , bambina and kayvee . my back is still not quite right . no pain anymore , but just feels uncomfortable under my right shoulder - like a muscle is trapped or knotted or something . think i will give my old physio a shout - better to get it sorted out sooner rather than later ! i 've been off running for the last couple of days anyway - my first hangover of 2007 has reached a second day of suffering !!! read more in my flm training blog at : .
NEG darren , i will also be looking for 1:35 at wokingham and will see if 1:30 is possible at fleet or reading , to push for 1:30 may not be a good idea at this early stage in training . wokingham is a good fast course , last year was windy , very wet and cold so you should not have too many problems , just after the start i would suggest to stay on the path , if it 's been raining and if running on the grass could be a bad move , it 's not too long before gaps start to appear and can then settle into your pace
NEG managed to get up early this morning to get speed session out of the way . 4 x 1 mile at 15.5 km/h with 2 mins rec . found it very difficult especially the hill i have to run up on the way back from the gym !
NEU reb mm - just want to reinforce what the others are saying . when i did my first marathon training , i ran too soon after having a chest infection and ended up with pneumonia . i ran because i did n't want to put a dent in my training , but ended up writing myself off for weeks afterwards . . that said , i still managed to catch up . you 've still got plenty of weeks to slowly build up the long runs , especially if you 're not going for a particular time . in many ways , your first marathon gives you that extra bit of freedom that you 're going to get a personal best regardless ! good luck .
NEG i reckon i was approaching wall state , actually . more of a garden boundary sized wall , but the pace definitely dipped at the end as i climbed the final hills . sorry . remember , i 'm an aspirant still , not an achiever yet .
NEG typical that i mistype the word that is bold , so it stands out !
POS aorn , i hope you 're out there blasting away your hangover now ! good news on your shin , qq :o-RRB- . gentle 5-miler for me this morning too , to find out whether i could run in my new sorbothane insoles . they were fine . i 'm not a morning runner and never really warmed up , but my shin did n't make too much fuss .
POS tr sounds like you 're aiming to beat my bramley time . i do n't think i would recommend racing 20 miles as i did . i managed it because i was already well-conditioned -LRB- 2x 20 milers in jan and 2 x 22 in feb before bramley for example -RRB- .
NEG i did a 10 mile race on sunday - 71 mins . i am a bit concerned about the number of long runs people have done . i have been following a rw schedule for sub 3.30 and have only done 1 x 15 and 1 x 18 . i do have 2 x 20 and 1 x 22 and 2 x 15 before 22/4 . hope this is ok . i am still not cofident of being able to do 8mm for lm - 7.10 for 10 miles was ok but couldnt do it for any more 13m . . getting worried again .
POS morning everyone . i have posted this before on another thread -LRB- sorry rio -RRB- but thought it might be of interest to you . `` word to the wise '' for those who are treading the roads of london for the first time . . on race day just think legs . what ! i hear you say . think about it . you get out of bed , you have to travel to the start . you may well have had to take the train . you have to walk from the station to the start area . now your nervous and you are walking around looking for friends or charity areas . you go to the loo , and stand in a queue . you have a coffee still standing you change and then at last you go to your start pen . what !!! sill 30 minutes to go and your still standing . yippeee the gun goes of . hang on you havent moved . it could take anything up to 10 minutes before you actualy cross the start line . then you have to run 26.2 so the moral of the story is keep off your feet as much as possible on race day . take an old shirt , jacket , bin bag , anything to sit on wherever you can . if you dont you will wish you had . trust me i learnt the hard way good luck everyone enjoy your day .
POS hi all . just popped by to say i am in no way jealous of you lot doing the flm ... not at all ... not even a bit ... no sir ... not on your nelly ... face ? bovvered ? ... am i bovvered ? not bothered at all ... honestly , really
NEG caro its not that sort of a massage . if you are in pain it is just to take some of the knots out of your legs and not relaxing at all . stiffness is all part of the marathon unfortunately - it really does hurt a lot . and it cant be avoided . some grit and determination is needed . roz some people carry deep heat with them to rub in when it gets tough or the muscles cramp too much . might be worth thinking about rather than adding an extra layer .
POS howdy ! i went to the gym again and my foot is still holding up . going to try and run for a little longer on it tomorrow morning to see how i get on . fingers crossed ! hope mrs ps get 's better soon ! tracey , tell bernard well done from me -LRB- although through gritted teeth ` cos hippo 's right , it just is n't fair !! -RRB- . lyndy , good news from you - let 's hope you 're well and truly on the mend .
NEU show off ! ;--RRB-
NEU morning all , . tr - you 've got to rest up , you are only delaying the recovery . geewok-fingers crossed ... at least you know what the problem is now . ww-i 'm planning on doing the 13 miler as a progression run starting off at around 7.30 's and winding up -LRB- the last 5 mile -RRB- at projected mp . dan - whats the plan ? ... 6.20 's
NEG ws i 'm not sure that mile 1 reading is correct as my hrm has been playing up a bit and i wonder if it got confused with other hrm 's and telly signals etc. the first mile was v slow so i think it could be wrong . having said that , my hr was definitely shooting up when i was still in the queue for a wee with 4 mins to go before the start !
NEU more like 65 for the cd this time wd
NEG i , like others have already said , ran with my own 500 ml bottle at the start , when empty i discarded the bottle but kept the sports valve lid . and just screwed it onto the next bottle i got . i was able to do 2 stations per bottle , but still found there was nothing at 11 thru 15 then only intermittent supply to the end . im not sure whose fault it is . i suspect it 's 6 of one and half a dozen of the other . flm should have put more on , but likewise faster runners perhaps should have bene limited in the amount they can take . i dunno . . i aint pointing fingers . . guess in a sense it adds to the `` challenge '' of it all . :--RRB- .
NEG i did a silly thing with my 305 and set mine to marathon distance -LRB- i only bought it 2 days beforehand ! -RRB- and is shut off at 26.2 miles , with 4 minutes to go . up till then it was running about a half-mile extra . . it says garmin can be up to 99 % + accurate but given the several tunnels we had to go through , canary wharf and isle of dogs , etc , not surprised people are out by so much . i 'd rather it was telling me i was slower than actual , than faster than actual . looking forward to using the training programmes from this site with it , once i 've recovered .
NEU laugh out loud tr my legs look more like 2 sticks of celery poking out of a carrier bag :--RRB- . swim was in some school pool really wierd as you do 8 lengths 2 per lane then get out and do 8 more . carnege for shite swimmers like me . nice running jakesy . i was out at 4am this morning for 10.4 miles at 7.36 pace . not fast or hard but nterestingly my avghr was only 129
POS i forgot to add london chest hospital 10k - 8.7.7 to my list . am hopefully taking a group of brownies to the 1 mile fun run on the same day . am going to chat to them about my marathon run and having lost lots of weight -LRB- although the emphasis will be on being healthy and not losing weight . -RRB-
NEU < pushes the door open one last time ... > . hi minni - i ran 3:14 at lochaber , which was a pb by 11mins . i use my hrm on every run , although the battery packed up during the marathon itself -LRB- typical ! -RRB- . windsurfin ' susie over on the hard training thread has far more technical hrm training knowledge that i do , so it might be worth sticking your head in there . for me , i religiously kept the vast majority of my runs to 70 % of my working heart rate / 75 % hrmax . i now know what the different efforts feel like and do n't need to check my watch very often . hrm training has certainly improved my sense of pacing . almost always i run by effort and by time on feet , not pace . so for example , my tempo runs include , say , 30mins at 1/2m effort rather than a 1/2m speed . and a typical long run will be something like 2hr30min at 70 % whr , rather than an exact mileage . this approach allowed me to ramp up my mileage to 70-80mpw at peak without injury/overtraining . i ran every day for over 6 months from last september until the taper without problems -LRB- having spent the preceeding 18 weeks off injured and not running at all -RRB- . in the last 4-6 weeks of training i made the switch over to quicker running , trying to hit specific paces , increasing the speed on long runs etc. . which brought me nicely to a peak . i reckon the best thing about an hrm though is on recovery days , where it gives you permission to run slow -LRB- as slow as 10m/m , sometimes even slower -RRB- . i 'm a complete convert to ` active recovery ' now , rather than taking rest days . it 's all useful mileage ! my average pace during the whole training period was only 8.48 m/m . very little speed work at all . but despite this , my eventual marathon pace averaged 7.26 m/m with a slight - ve split . and my 1/2m and 10k times came also improved . hrm training takes patience though . . initially most people have to slow right down and that can be hard psychologically . so it 's not everyone 's idea of fun . but if you 're going to give it a go , i reckon spring/summer 's the perfect time to do it ! a good intro book is ` heart rate monitor training for the compleat idiot ' by john l parker . < closes door on way out >
POS mike-you posted a few pages back a recommended schedule -LRB- post marathon -RRB- to keep things going before the next marathon training block -LRB- autumn -RRB- . seems to have vanished , any chance of posting it again . cheers .
NEU gobi youda man . without the skinny one with the funny gait to hold you back you 're bound to nail it . have a good weekend kids . as you were then .
POS glad its not just mine susan - maybe howard will help us out with some of his wise words .
POS ah , that ceilidh was rocking . do you know it finished 2 ish ! yes a few did the whole thing and mara at then end too ! i think k2 and loon dod both did the lot!i went back to bed at a bout 10 though i felt so miserable , lets just say as well as wooden left leg i had totm and was sitting at the meal struggling to talk , smile or anything . best at home when i feel like that i think ! hubby is number 68 , following me in on the beach run , i am carrying our mates camera because they both thought it a good idea to jump into the sea before we finished ! it is a fun event the beach one , you have to guess your time and the nearest to it wins . one of our friends got it spot on and i was +35 secs !
NEG oh dear not a good last few hours for bw today and nn yesterday afternoon . i would say i hope you kicked his ass bw , but does n't sound like you 'd want to put your foot there . hope the weekend gets better for you two , i 'm sure the theraputic running helps . ca n't complain other than being at work . a few hours to kill then off to beverley races and no ` silver ring ' or ` tatts ' for me today , i get to lord it up with owners and trainers for the afternoon , what-what . leaving the running to the horses today at least . hopefully harvest warrior will do us proud again and make it two wins in two , though i 'm not sure if the ground is soft enough - this horse is more x-country than road race .
NEG i 'm an all the gear cyclist so if i am out i do n't really care about the weather . . i know when doing tri , my running never got worse while i was cycling and running less . i have noticed this year that although i do little or no cycling i can still manage 19-20mph for an hour on the bike and then get off and run . . downside is my bum hurts due to lack of riding !!!!!
NEG oh my god look at rh and i 's forum posts !! what a couple of wasters we are ! tee hee . managed 45 mins on saturday . bit fed up as it was incredibly hard work . i just ca n't seem to get back into it at the moment . hey ho ... i guess body is not quite there so i 'll continue to cross train ahead of my hols ... just over a week to go !! excited ? me ? never .
NEU oh gatton no you do n't have to do that ! pinks i 'd like to do it in 2.5 hours . i 'm not sure that 's realistic though .
POS just repeated last saturdays 20 miler on my loop . i came out about a minute slower overall spread through the 3 sections . very happy with this one and a great way to bring up the 100 mile week . racing -LRB- easy plod -RRB- around the downlands 30 miler tomorrow i will not be rushing .
NEU a comment was made about not having a gb charity place the first time you do the marathon . i disagree as people really see it a challenge the first time you do it and appreciate that it is really something hard that you have never done before . because of this i found people quite willing to sponsor me . i 'm not sure that i would get the same response if i did it again as they would know that i had completed it once . i had a fundraising target of 1500 . i managed to raise 2,200 . i did start fundraising in december with a christmas raffle and did a few other activities as well as asking for sponsorship . the company where i work also gave me some sponsorship . it can be done , you just have to be willing to ask a lot of people !
NEU what did you expect it to do ?
NEU cheers ah & susan for kind words . . good thing was when i got back to my car there was an ice-cream parked opposite . :p . spring mara for me ? does n't appeal to be honest as spent so much of this year training . might go back to 10ks etc. had lady at club on wednesday chasing me for this years x-country . even thought of gsr at the moment is not attractive . better flippin get that sub 4 at budapest or i will be doing another one wo n't i ! . right as if not had enough punishment for one day now off to get legs waxed - ouch ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG : -LRB- sad , bored delia today . i 've had to call in sick . got no voice , ca n't swallow , ca n't eat , ca n't breathe very well ... yuk yuk yuk . got the quacks in a bit but i 'm already bored out of my tiny mind !
NEG unfortunately odeon , 2:59 is n't that impressive for a wheelchair athlete .
NEG ww - sorry about removing you ! on the training plan , i was n't suggesting that would be it for the week , they are just the key sessions i reckon . on the mp training , some of the medium-long run might be at mp and some of the ends of the long runs . i 've never done much mp training , because i find your options are : do 5-6m at mp in a longer run -LRB- which is basically what i suggested above -RRB- . do 10-12m at mp . i find this really hard and can barely manage it without entering a hm race . i usually do this a few weeks before the marathon e.g 5m easy warm-up , straight into the hm at mp . i do n't want to start a fight , but i 'm not a fan of running at mp in training !
POS tell him you promise not to run whilst you 're in the pub . sorted .
NEG hi all . bootsie - i hope your leg feels better soon , i know its easy to say ` try not to rush it ' , but in your mind the event gets nearer . maybe some long walks , will ease you back into it . . topsec - i can imagine how annoyed you feel about flm losing your entry , i was very lucky this year , i know , and of course i would have accepted rejection , but losing the so many entires seems very careless indeed !! . ran 5 miles this evening , the first 3 went pretty well , but my legs then felt very heavy , did 51.47 , but the 8 miler on sunday will be much slower pace .
NEU p.s. nice cartoon in the december edition of prospect magazine i thought some of you on here who share my ` anti-fat and the population is being seduced by food and car manufacturers ' views might enjoy : . a stout man is seated at a desk in shirt and tie . on the desk is a sign bearing the legend ` immigration ' . on the other side is a thin man , at whose feet are several suitcases . the text below the picture says : ` you 're in luck ; we 're very short of thin people ' .
POS some great long runs going on . i wish our county xc was on the saturday so i could have bagged one but never mind . had a reasonably good race , came in 8th , but given the opposition i could n't have come any higher up , and would have been very disappointed to come any lower down . there was about a 30s gap in front and behind me , which enabled me to enjoy the last lap a bit more . it was probably the hardest course i 've ever run on - i reckon i was n't faster than 10min/mile up one particular hill , and it was n't that short , and we had to do it three times ! three main hills on each lap , and very muddy for about 50 % of the lap . think we just lost out to coro 's team for the win , but did n't hang around to find out . anyway , a good workout , and i 've been offered a place in the team for the intercounties , so a good afternoon out all in all . coro and edb probably had more interesting races , so i 'll let them recount their tales . ed in particular had a pretty ` eventful ' run ! marders - i 'll be at the fred hughes 10 , but marshalling -LRB- we host the race -RRB- . i think jej said he would be doing it , but that was a while back so may have changed .
NEG last night at the track we did a session -LRB- into the wind of course -RRB- of 10 x 3 mins , with 1 min recovery , quite a tough little session and it definitely made me puff and blow : - o. this morning was a 6 mile run into work on the icey pavements and road , which was an adventure . i was skidding and skating all over and had to head for the grass verge to stay upright on a few occasions , so forgot the time and concentrated on making it in one piece . tomorrow is a rest day , as i have a league xc race at whitby on sunday - feel cold just thinking about it !
NEU i 'm going to do the hotel switch today . mind you lot sound as though you 'll be miles ahead
NEU i do n't think it is cheating really , if you run against the virtual runner on the watch is that not smilar to a pace maker which most top distance races have these days anyway ?
NEG wardi - just pops in to say i too found the wind just a tad much today . i could cope with running into the wind and hardly moving , it was being dragged up a hill by the force of the gales near a main road and having no control over my legs !!!!!!! cut short my run after 6 miles too . hope it 's calmed down for my 20 miler on sunday . enjoy your weekend and your rest day in particular !
POS hello boys and girls ... lots of good running going on and lots of good banter - who are all of you people anyway ??! just got back in from my trip to the smoke - had a good run this morning from pimlico to birdcage walk and the mall - raised my hand s in victory as i crossed the finish line . . 6.30 in the morning and no-one was looking ... ran towards trafalgar sq , took a left to run along the embankment but got lost and ended up in birdcage walk again and ran past the finish line again ... . then found the river and finished off my 7.5 miles . just 2 observations - it 's very very flat !! well at least compared to up north . and secondly , nobody says hello to you when they run . . again very different from up here . looking forward to the snow in a few days - that ; ll stuff the training ...
NEG ohamd , . not any better . i was going to go out today as the weather was so good in the midlands , but as it was cold and i still have the sniffles and a cough , i decided not to risk it . if i had , i know i would have been out of action for another week or so . it seems to take ages to get rid of a cold when you get older . i think the plan for the next week is out of the window and when i can get back running , it will just be getting some miles in . . hope the rest of you keep away from the colds etc. .
NEU ltsa - i think you are spot on , about not getting injured , but pushing you just enough ... ... and of course enjoying the run !! are you used to running that pace ? cause i will need someone to keep me on track , although i will have my trusty -LRB- mostly -RRB- , garmin 305 with me !!
NEU take some tissues and try not to make your ` issues ' the main thing on your mind all the time relax and hopefully enjoy ... it is a beautifull day today for running ...
NEU great run benyo - it sounds lovely down there ... ... ... i managed my 16 miles - at least 8 or 9 miles were straight into the teeth of the wind . however , i did n't feel as bad as i thought i would even though uphill into the wind is n't my favourite occupation ! completed in 2hrs 20min so i was really quite pleased as its a hilly route . now i 'm shattered though , so i 'm laid on the couch watching the rugby . . something strange has happend to my left foot ! along the outside edge at the bottom it has developed a big red/black bruise during my run ! did n't hurt as i ran and does n't hurt now ... ... ... anyone any ideas ? i know i 'm overdue for new shoes but keep putting it off as these are like an old pair of slippers now . hope you all enjoy the rest of the weekend - i 'm routing for your mum benyo ... ...
POS hail hail . confess to preferring the 1 hour stint option -LRB- purely cos i aint got the reall speed in my legs , but stamina i 'm ok -RRB- , but i 'll defer to the majority opinion . . nts - quick question . i 've been looking at flights . due to family commitments , it would be better for me to get a friday morning flight down . is this going to be a big problem , if i 'm not there for the start ? i 'd prefer to be in all the photos obviously , but is it crucial ?
POS laugh out loud tt my kid brother is 27 this year !!!!!!! took 5 miles to catch you at wokingham :--RRB- . tr , as usual i would say something different to the others and suggest you did a progressive run with only about 6 miles late on at planned mp but thats just me . 6 @ 7.15-7 .30 . 6 @ 7-7 .15 . 6 @ planned mp . 2 easy . if you can run between 2.15 and 2.25 with relative ease you will be able to run a sub 3 marathon .
NEU evening everyone . . did llanelli today ... madwelsh it was nice to meet you too . sorry we did n't get much time to chat but i guess after a hard race is n't the best time anyway . i was feeling really nauseous at that point . EMO_HAPPY that 's the second time i 've felt sick after a hm . has anyone else experienced that ? my hm pb is 219 but i only managed 2:25 today which , actually , on the back of all the hard work we 've been doing lately , is n't that bad i guess . it was really windy too . the training must be paying off though because i 'm not as stiff and sore as when i did lake vyrnwy half ... shame they 're not doing that this year ... tis a lovely race . sd that vid made me all emotional too ! . as for all the niggles , i 've a few that come and go . i 've suffered with pf for ages now but it only seems to affect me when i 've been inactive for a while , it does n't stop me running . it band ... i 'm aware of it but as soon as i get a twinge -LRB- and this goes for all my other niggles -RRB- i have a sports massage ... i 'm covered in bruises but they seem to do the trick ! good look for the coming week everyone ...
NEG brian , . very short term plan is to get out of work as early as possible today - 9pm finish on tuesday , wednesday and thursday has left me cream-crackered ! and i need to go to the gym as only exercise this week has been 2 x 5 miles @ 7.35 m/m , which is hardly top-end stuff ... in terms of training , plan is to introduce some short and fairly gentle speedwork next week , so that my 3 runs of 5/6 miles each week are something approaching quality work and to do longer , lower hr sessions in the gym . then i 'll test the waters with either a 10k or a leg of the midlands road relays the first weekend in april and take it from there . i 'm probably being over-cautious -LRB- gobi would be proud ! -RRB- but having been in pain even walking for 10 days i 'm scared of pushing things now . better safe than sorry and all that .
POS geoff m - just read back that you are starting at blue start . think you may be a bit quick for me tho ' ! i 'm going to try and find the sub 4.30 pace maker and stick like glue ! how about you will you pace youself ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU thanks wa . < wanders off to find thread to add own angst >
NEU hi everybody . good to see you are all doing well keep it up . had quite a hectic week so ive only managed a 4 mile hill session at gym on tuesday and two 7 miler on friday and today but ill just keep plodding on . busy at work next week we have the cheltenham gold cup races going on at our hotel lots of irish spending there hard earned cash on the horses , ill see if i can get any good tips off them . i purchase some new trainers back in jan and ive now done 180mile in them does anybody think i should get some more now ready for april . take cake all . mark
POS gd - just replied to your thread , yep he was going quickly ! and , yes ... i 'm sure that last mile was at least two . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU lardarse - are those your legs ? to the question do they look like women 's legs ? my answer is have you met my wife ? you seem to have a thing for shiny medals ! tutu - hopefully swimming and long taper will get rid of whatever it is you have before doctor gets round to finding it . eastham - it was susan who asked if you were lardarse not me . lardarse is on fetch so i know he is not you , and you are n't him
NEG picked up a calf niggle on last night 's run , . was still hoping to do tonight 's planned track session but after a gentle 4 mile warm up it was feeling worse not better so decided to skip it . do n't think it 's anything too serious , just a bit of tightness -LRB- i hope ? -RRB- , probably caused by the faster-than-normal 20 miler on sunday . not long to go now tr . i 've just about had enough of the high volume and endless long runs too . quite looking forward to having a few easy weeks after flm then targeting something shorter .
POS thanks for the pics lep recorn , i think it looks like there could still be enough room -LRB- though we have to bear in mind other members of the public will need to be able to get past us -RRB- ? . what does anyone else think ?
NEG hi , . this is my first post so go easy . i 've been training for the flm -LRB- my first marathon -RRB- since december and looking for a sub 3:30 as i have stuck to my weekly garmin training for that time . this week is supposed to be my hardest week -LRB- 56 miles -RRB- , with a 22 miler run this weekend . however , i have picked up a couple of minor injuries and dont know what to do . . first injury : - i have recently been getting knee pains , which i think is runners knee . i have tried to keep my training up , only missing a few short runs so far . i have also started running with a knee starp which helps until i finish when i get a bit of pain . second injury : - i 'm not sure what this injury is but dont think it relates to my training , i 've had it before some time ago . it 's a pain in the arch of my foot when i 'm walking , it 's not bad at the moment but i 'm guessing that it might get worse an end up as a sharp pain in the arch . the irritating thing about this is that i brought it on today when i went shopping with some new trainers on -LRB- not running trainers -RRB- . i have spoke to other people about this -LRB- non runners too -RRB- and they also say they have had it from new shoes \ trainers . i was hoping that while i taper my running over the next few weeks my injuries would get better but dont want to stop training yet if i can help it . any suggestions ? thanks
POS actually friday would be ideal - the relatives might appear on saturday ...
NEU loach
POS ode - so does this mean that you 're officially fit ? good stuff ! gobi - this treadmill with a view over the alps - not in the shiny new -LRB- ish -RRB- town centre gym by any chance ? next to the rowing machines looking out over a gently sloping chair lift ? EMO_HAPPY . gah ! another list that billy-no-maramates here does n't qualify for . sod it , i 'll do me own ! philpub start : champs elysees halfway : 1:21 - ish prediction : sub 2:45 . * sets tt as virtual running partner on the garmin ... *
POS nn , i think we should be at the expo for around 2pm friday -LRB- by the time we go to hotel , dump our stuff and get round to excel -RRB- . i will e-mail you my mobile number , so you can ring/text me when you get there . i may go for a massage too and have a look around . you 're welcome to come to my hotel for shower afterwards if you like , have you tried booking in there ? they may still have rooms available and have let us keep the rooms on for the last 5 years , so it 's a good bet they will this year too , porridge in the morning too ! . i 've wound down so much , i think i 've gone into ` sleep ' mode . as you were all doing 10 milers at marathon pace yesterday , i was doing 5k in the road relays , so quite a difference ! went out for 3 miles at mp this morning before work and tomorrow night is another track session -LRB- 6 x 400m @ 6 min pace -RRB- , 6 on wednesday morning @ mp and 10 x 200m strides on thursday , then 2 days rest . think i 've been a little too laid back during the taper period !!! EMO_HAPPY . nick , my race plan is to start off at 8.15-8 .20 pace and then pick it up at 14-15 if feeling good by then -LRB- and weather permitting -RRB- . at least we found a good bush for going to the toilet at the green start , no way i 'm queueing for toilets , there just are n't enough and when you got ta go , you got ta go . puffy , hope the shins are feeling better and not as tender . beders , that damn hamstring ! i blame those creme eggs myself ! i 'm sure you can keep it under control with some icing and careful training this week , enough to get you round flm before it gets properly sorted anyway . ls , some grim happenings in your area , not nice , but i guess it can happen anywhere . good to see you are still breezing along -LRB- in your lycra leotard -RRB- , so now i know what to look out for on sunday !!! we will be at the hotel from around 5pm when we get back from the expo on friday , what time do you get there ? euph , temp . certainly plumetted yesterday & you 'll be glad that you did n't run the northern relays . the men ran legs 7-12 in a blizzard and could hardly see where they were going ! luckily most of the ladies teams had finished by the time the snow really came down in golf-ball sized flakes . i ran the 4th leg over 5k in a time of 20.58 on a bumpy course , so quite pleased with that in my ` warm-down ' week . our team was 13th from 33 in 1.57 , so qualified for the national road relays . clairster , will meet you at the expo around 2 -LRB- ish -RRB- on friday , will text you EMO_HAPPY . moggie , you 'll be flying along as usual from the elite start , it must be great to start at 9am and get away ahead of the crowds - good luck , although you do n't need it ! womble , great long run , knew you 'd be fine ! roll on copenhagen EMO_HAPPY . cp , great new pb , that must feel good !! well done EMO_HAPPY
NEG oh bugger , the phone 's ringing .
POS team - you have important mail ! blimey ... it 's all a bit close now !
NEG that was a very sleepless night ! . not sure i fancy this porridge . .
POS its my intention to achieve a gfa time in the next twelve months . i have various half ironman distance triathlons until september and then intend to try and put the training time into running over the winter period , crack the gfa -LRB- 3.15 time as i am now 40 -RRB- early next year and then concentrate on triathlons again knowing i can enter flm or ny etc without the hassle of ballots
NEG i have a hang over today ... first since my birthday on 2nd january . cant cope with them these days - back on the wagon tonight ... we just had a couple of friends round for a takeaway curry and there was some champers left from people bringing it over post flm and so i set out to drink it . . and then some wine when it was finished ... had a heated argument about ken vs boris for london mayor and woke up feeling like s *** e. EMO_HAPPY
POS marders . you never know with me about the 6mms : ~ -RRB- but i can confirm that tom is not my brother but the similarity has been noticed . padams . rach says well done to you .
NEU bej - good to hear it 's clearing up . i 'd hazard a guess that your 'em barassingly slow ' pace is still quicker than anything i 'm doing ;--RRB-
NEG tony , 5-1 , and mcallister who attended the game spent the second half on the bog crapping himself . all being well i shall be at wembley , wearing my askern 10m , 2006 teeshirt -LRB- 62:01 , second m55 -RRB- . ld : the regents park run i refered to was round the outside , albeit the uphill anticlockwise route . other london parks i 've run round include st james , hyde , green , battersey , richmond , bushey , ravenscourt , paddington rec , , primrose hill , hampstead heath , hainault woods , wimbledon common , ruislip woods and ealing common ... oh and wormwood scrubs . and one two weeks ago , whose name i forget ... best wishes from south lincolnshire where we do n't have parks .
POS rb - think i 'll be up for sat evening food and you 've got some knowledge of decent places to go i would imagine . however , it will be me plus 3 -LRB- girlfriend also running the marathon , and parents , not running ! -RRB- - assuming they 're all welcome . good to hear the course is reasonably sheltered , although they 've changed their mind now and reduced the wind slightly but it 's coming from the other direction ! dull - you must be reasonably pleased with that if it was n't a full-on effort . ` race ' report from me - 30th in 36:50 ish -LRB- 19 minute first 5k and 17:50 ish second 5k -RRB- . very pleased with my restraint , which was helped by running with a clubmate also doing edinburgh . it was fun flying past people in the last km ! obviously i 'm not able to disclose coro 's result ...
NEG daz , you forgot about the all venomous critters -LRB- scorpions , snakes , etc , -RRB- out there . i 'd leave that one to bear grylls ; he likes eating scorpions for breakfast . sandstorms , too . and it gets bloody cold at night .
POS happy birthday ltsa !!! . had a brilliant day yesterday and managed a pb !!! completed the half marathon in 2 hrs and 15 mins !!!! very proud of myself . . my relay partner did it in 2 hrs flat on her first race !!! so overall i think we were done in 4 hrs 15 for the whole marathon ! i saw shades going around and she looked tired but doing great EMO_HAPPY very very hot day there and some hills that got the better of me -LRB- hills to me anyway !!! -RRB- but most fun race i 've done and very proud to do it at home !
NEG intervals today which i was a bit sceptical about , one mile wu/cd with 3 x 1.5 around bushey park , with 0.5 recoveries . 10:37 , 10:40 , 10:39 for the 1.5 's , quite hard work by the third one but got through it ok . the hr was up to around 83-84 , so still a bit lower effort than i should be putting in for interval , but although sore , the leg and foot were fine throughout which was the main thing .
NEG wt - will be thinking of you today . i spoke at my sister ' funeral . i knew i could n't not , and although tough to do , it helped to have happy moments to talk about , and made getting through the day more bearable . i hope you can help give her the send-off she deserved .
NEU hail hail . why am i not surprised .
NEG same here sb.i think yesterday 's heat surprised a few people , even up here . i did a 10k and found it hard work , then straight to pj 's football match where we found a kid 's triathlon taking place with a cycle course across our pitch . so off to the opposition 's pitch where we got beat 3-1 including a robinsonesque howler from pj . liverpool failed to beat stoke ; chelsea failed to beat man u. after all that , the 10k results were up and on top of being 2 seconds slower than my last race on my watch , they have got me down as 20 seconds slower than my watch time . on the positive-macc half next week , followed by congleton the week after .
NEG multiple x-posts for me -LRB- must be really slow -RRB- . brian - nice track session . have to say not looking forward to the 20 on a weekday . -LRB- i probably wo n't be able to start until 7:00 pm as well EMO_HAPPY -RRB- . mtr - sorry to hear the not so good track session . rm - bugger , good luck with the new mission
NEG it 's tricky is n't it ?
NEU tt - my best opportunity to have run a mara would have been 2005 -LRB- i know it 's not `` when i were a lad '' , but it 's still long enough ago for me to get misty eyed about it -RRB- . i 'd had 3 months at 90 + mpw , an hm of 79:05 , but no long runs over 18m so i reckon i would have breezed it to 20m , thereafter i 'm not sure . now i 've got several dodgy bits that just ca n't cope with the pounding - to the extent that yesterdays 15m has given reason for concern . my september stats are . miles 238 . ave pace 7:14 . max week : 57 miles . min week : 52 miles . rest days : 0 . races : 1 . wins : 1 - well sort of , if you exclude the 21 under 60 's in front of me .
NEG just read back . congrats and commiserations in equal measures all round . . sorry for not posting but i 've been a bit busy and now have a cold .
POS lol , thomas will be very toasty . the baby jogger has a muff and a rain cover too . not sure about the pb though ha ha EMO_HAPPY . good luck hippo with your 10k .
NEU erm ... . .
NEG sorry blisters , the head won ! our road was an ice rink but once you got onto the more main roads it was fine , so i might have to put this down as a missed opportunity . suffice to say that 20 minutes on a bike this morning and various parts of me feel as though they 're about to fall off with the cold .
POS on the subject of projecting mara times off half-m 's - i do know of a couple of ladies who have broken 3:15 -LRB- only just -RRB- off a half time of 1:31 / 1:32 . i do n't know of any blokes that have done it however which rather re-inforces my theory that girlies are slightly better suited to long distance running . the simple fact is that the quicker you can run your half-m 's , 10 mile races etc then the more comfortable sub 7:25 pace will feel on marathon day . i tend to do 8 or 9 20 + mile runs in the build up , the 5 longest usually add up to about 110 miles . i have found the midweek ` mid ' long runs of 11-15 miles have also improved my performances in the last couple of years . in line with ex-pat 's thinking , i try not to do 20 mile runs on consecutive weekends if at all possible . lorenzo . my 3:18 in 2000 was the last time i failed to break 3:15 . being only 3 mins adrift should give you confidence aplenty to have a good go at it next time . . 11.5 m run home last night . about 9m with the club tonight .
POS intervals - done ! actually really quite enjoyed them . how bizarre . the poxy hrm is bonkers though , i think it worked at the start , then gave it up . maybe because its scared of the readings ? anyway , the vital statistics , for those who so like them go a little something like this : . distance : 4.36 m. time : 42:16 . pace : 9.40 mi . average hr : 122bpm EMO_HAPPY . our easy bits came in at about 11mi , our intervals 8.35 mi , except for the last one , which was up hill and so was 9.3 mi . not bad ! now i need a serious dunk in a hot bath . will try not to fall asleep and drown .
POS does anyone know if there 's somewhere to find out what time you predicted for yourself ? i ca n't remember at all whether i said 3.30 or 3.45 . . or do i just need to wait and see which pen they 've allocated me to ? -LRB- i never thought for a moment that i 'd actually get in through the ballot , but now i 've got a place i 've committed publicly to trying to get 3.30 !! -RRB-
NEG i am following the 3:45 schedule too om but not so rigorously , i am doing lsr , the two longer midweek runs , plus one run with our group , usually a thursday , which is usually 4 or 5 intervals of around a mile and a half but there is dedicated speed session and a hill session too in rotation but i find i have to hold back a little or i get overtired . and i ususally miss the saturday run . so it could be argued that i 'm not really following it at all really ! just back from 7 miles in an easy hour , and off for a shin-saving cold shower before a meal and dvd with mrs puffy .
NEU br , you are a 34.0 x machine mate nice . jock , great run mate . race report today . 8th place oxford mail league cross country . learned this year that i am not that slow so have started going off a lot harder , settled in around 15th place -LRB- always a few flamers on the 1st lap -RRB- moved up a few places and started the 2nd lap just around the top10 and racing 2 chaps . working well we all took another place and then i got ahead of the 3 . worked the climb and headed out onto lap 3 with a small gap in 8th place . pushed hard into the wind to try to force a gap -LRB- gave myself a stitch -RRB- . it worked well and i recovered in the trees and headed for home . all in all a good run and the best bit , my knees feel fine !!!! worst part about todays xc was all the ribbing about the picture and article in runners world . even people who do n't always talk that much ribbed us both .
NEU sarah what a great run today ... you must be pleased to get that out of the way with a lot of us doing our lsr 's tommorrow . great time as well . i aiming to be at 18 at 2hrs 50 on the day so you are storming it !! keep it up . hardly any snow in hull this week so managed 3 shorter road runs and now getting focused for a 16 miler tommorrow morning ... . but its freezing cold outside already and forecast for minus 2 first thing . cant say i am looking forward to the first 2 or 3 miles . skins on the radiator tonight ! emily can you send any nec routes to me ... . i am there at a show at the end of feb and need an excuse to escape the bar and to down a third or fourth sparkling mineral water . . god it can be boring sometimes being a runner . had some second thoughts about the ` sub 4.20 ' on the back of my top ... as i am worried i might not achieve this on the day ... but have decided to go for it anyway as i am confident jagman will locate me and carry me to the end if my pace is too slow !! off for a big bowl of noodles ... hopefully catch up tommorrow .
NEG ode : . good to catch up yesterday . i managed a few more afterwards and ended up with 15 at just under 7:15 pace for the lot . was tooooo cold towars the end though when the proper snow was starting to fall . legs like blocks of ice when i 'd done . wo n't be there this wednesday btw , but time and venue is the same , you 'll get a warm up getting there which is good as last time they went pretty much straigh tin to 5 x5 minutes on the old railway line . off to do an interval session with my club shortly . pug : you coming out to the half on sunday regardless or only if you get a number ?
NEU icclesuez - hello ! EMO_HAPPY just cross posted across you , sorry . well done on the race . which one did you do and how did it go ?
POS in a nts style , i spent the flight back from lisbon doing some hr/pace analysis . using the fetch beats/mile calculation as a good basis , and eliminating runs under 8 miles to reduce the effect of the early miles and low hr -LRB- plus it strips out all the interval sessions -RRB- . i then set a baseline of the first quarter of 2007 -LRB- when i was training for my 1st marathon , and bought an hrm -RRB- . i came up with the following stats : . 2007 . q1 100 % . q2 94 % . q3 92 % . q4 88 % . 2008 . q1 86 % . q2 87 % . q3 88 % . q4 85 % . 2009 . q1 84 % . which is broadly what i expected . steady improvement until march 2008 , then a dip in fitness with london , post-london and the summer , then a return to form in the autumn . quite surprised to see that i 'm apparently running faster for less effort than a year ago - but this quarter is n't done yet , and the margin is quite slight . 16 % improvement in pace/hr implies something like 1:20 mm pace improvement at easy pace -LRB- from 8:30 to 7:10 -RRB- and from 7:20 hm pace to about 6:10 pace .
POS nice runs bramley boys . just waiting to hear from marders now i think ... although i 'm prepared to be impressed . marmite - wow , great time . all the sweeter for having had to work so hard to hang in there with the group . hard the first time but now that you have broken through to a new level it will get easier and easier . i wanted to run the tumbridge wells hm today -LRB- kent champs -RRB- but could n't as it filled surprisingly quickly . instead i ended up making a longer trip to dover to run a hm there instead with a long w/u and c/d to make just shy of 19m . an annoyingly hilly second half with a strong head wind made for a very tough slow return . did about 36.30 to half-way and then struggled into the wind to come home in 76.54 . clearly all the fast runners were at tw because my time happened to net me the win ! first time for everything ... but pleasing given the time in the saddle yesterday . now where 's my pug - ometer . 78m for the week plus just shy of 5 hours swimming and cycling . keep em coming .
POS ok , here is the original plan for this week : . week 7 -LRB- how did it get to week 7 already ? :-LRB- -RRB- . sun - rest . mon -- choose an undulating route so that hills are naturally included into the run . aim to run for 50-60 mins with 5 x 5 mins @ threshold built in . this is best run as 5 min easy/5 min threshold repeated throughout . try to include the hills naturally but cut the pace and maintain the effort when running up hill . let yourself go downhill . . tues -- rest -LRB- but i 'm going to do monday 's run here and rest on monday instead -RRB- . wed -- pilates as normal . thurs -- group run of 60 mins with the first 30 easy and the last 30 @ marathon pace . . fri -- rest . sat -- 2 hours 20 mins all controlled and relaxed . except i 've got the bourton 10k on sunday , and i 'm not sure just yet how its going to fit in . more when i 've spoken to nick ...
POS hi all . roger , very sound advice everyone should follow . i 've done the last 3 flms -LRB- taking a break this year but will be back in 2010 -RRB- with advice from people on this forum thread and its been invaluable . half the training is in your mind so i love your run to work and home again suggestion . even though i only live 4 miles from work -LRB- 3 on the short cut -RRB- i ca n't usually run in as i have to take my boy to school first ... but this week is half term so i may well give it a go ! not long to go now then dave ... do you know its a boy ? i 'll guess at a girl and 8lb 12 . good going caro . i had a busy weekend but did 10k before breakfast on saturday morning and 4 miles at 6.30 today !
NEG ` it 's cold outside , no kind of atmosphere , we 're all alone ... '
NEG help , my toenails feel like they are going to fall off - does anyone know what i can do to ease the pain ? the two toes next to my big toe are really sore from the run on sunday , they are not totally black , but sort of brownish and very sore to touch . i have plasters on them to try and cushion from the top of my shoes , but am so worried they are going to drop off . last nights run was agony , not just the toe nails but my heel as well , and i had to keep stopping to stretch out very tight calves . i do n't think my ` free ' sports massage did much good .
NEG ff ... if its any consolation -LRB- hope i spelt that right mum of ff -RRB- i had a foot injury this time last year and couldnt put any weight on it . rested it for a couple of days and all was fine . rest but dont panic !!! wotsit ... probably shouldnt mention it on here but loving your thread ;--RRB- i too am shattered . trouble is non-running friends and family have no sympathy and come up with helpful sugestions such as ` take a couple of weeks off ' . ah bless em . ttl ... nothing nicer at this stage of the training plan than 2 speed sessions a week !!!!!! sezz ... belated thanks for the advice . have managed to find a local practicioner from the link you sent . . now just need to book it !!!
POS thanks wotsit , it 's good to know nick 's thoughts and that you and tb are doing something similar . i know i should have faith as the schedule seems to have been good so far .
NEU nice one tr . easy does it now . rb - gutted for you but glad the little one is ok . dinner sounds fab . very jealous . fancy a jog round with mtr , brian , tr and myself in a few weeks . just over 20 for me this morning . after a day spent plastering yesterday i was achy as buggery this morning and not looking forward to another load this afternoon . still glad , i resisted temptation to go out . i , too was gloves , 2 tops -LRB- hh +1 -RRB- , shorts though as i 'm not gay and loads of people out in vests . unless it 's 2007 temps , i 'll be wearing gloves on the 26th .
POS yes a good thing - the endurance phase is pretty much over now - you have done all the really hard stuff and now can just focus on feeling sharper and getting some speed back into your legs . rest up , stay healthy and look forward to the next 3 weeks and running the best marathon of your life
NEG x-post ant . two bits of advice : . 1 . if ` quad is a bit tight and sensitive when i crouch or sit on my haunches ' - do n't ;--RRB- . 2 . more seriously , be very careful with anti-inflammatories . mate had injury in lead up to flm07 and was taking anti 's daily . got to about 23miles and up came all the lucozade , and blood , and he ` lost ' an hour in st johns ambulance . lots of tests afterwards found no damage other than temporary thinning of stomach lining but to the anti-inflam 's . all the best . jezza
NEG wabo wrote . and full of gobbling frenchmen , `` what were they gobbling ? the dirty frenchies ;--RRB-
POS sue , they will do , after another two weeks of taper !
POS hi all - just got back from the expo . it was great - bit of hassle getting there - its so far the ` other side ' of london for me . it started with ` the london marathon music ' as you walked in - so that puts you in the right mood and slightly emotional ! . the registration was painless and actually took about a minute as there was no-one in my queue . . lots of different nutrition stands giving out samples - bit late to change your race nutrition now - but there were some interesting stuff like gel cubes which look like jelly cubes and sort of melt in the mouth and each cube held the same carb value as one gel . they come in packs of 5 and are really compact - god i sound like i work for them . lol . look out for them ... lots of charity stalls , and clothing stuff . and if you go to the pasta party then you do hear some interesting stuff ... although i think the price is a little steep ... and you can hear the same thing if you just stand and watch outside the area . my sister wrote a huge good luck wish for me on the adidas wall which was really sweet . oh it was all fun ... and has made it feel even more exciting and scarily close . yikes . . lots of freebies - bottle of cranberry sauce in the goody bag which is a little odd . . free beer stand as well - but no use for me in my no alcohol regimen that i am strictly adhering to ! . i hope you all it enjoy as much as i did EMO_HAPPY
NEG sj , 167 is not 85 % of 188 . metcheck says heavy rain for the duration . . coro , i had a stinker yesterday too .
NEG getting fed up of trying but i am sticking with it . . a bit peev ` ed that the site yesterday said it would be open for the ballot at 9am and it seems it opened much earlier . . then crashed . getting v frustrated and annoyed now . -LRB- hope the race admin is better -RRB-
NEG on the recovery side of things pfitzinger and douglas are very strong about not rushing back : . ` you have little to gain by rushing back into training , and your risk of injury is exceptionally high at this point , owing to the reduced resiliency of your muscles and connective tissue after the marathon . the -LRB- recovery -RRB- schedule starts with 2 days off from running , which is the bare minimum of time away from running you should allow yourself . if you still have acute soreness or tightness so severe that it will alter your form , or if you just do n't feel like running , certainly feel free to take more than 2 days off . if ever there was a time to lose your marathoner 's mind-set , the week after your goal race is it . . not running now will increase your chances of being inspired to resume hard training when your body allows it . of course , some people do n't consider themselves real runners unless they run pretty much every day of their lives . plod through a few miles if you must , but be aware that you 're prolonging your recovery . ' -LRB- p169 -RRB- . p & d do go on to advocate light cross-training such as swimming or cycling and walking .
NEU thanks EMO_HAPPY . done more disks this morning and have emailed everyone telling them that the `` runners world email-me '' thing is pants and asking for addresses to flmdvd . f9.co.uk . if your name is ` mike steele ' your blackberry keeps bouncing my emails ! mail me your details !
NEU you 're allowed to be girly jw EMO_HAPPY i must stop biting my nails EMO_HAPPY stopped last year , but started again recently , do n't know why . anyone heard from sp lately ? was just thinking she 's not been about for a while . sp where areeeeeeee youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu ? hope you 're okay ! was just looking at events to sign up for - hoping to do a half marathon in november in fort william EMO_HAPPY i 've actually got a place in the loch ness marathon in october , but not sure if i 'm going to go for it . better decide soon , otherwise they can reallocate my place for me ... . looking forward to getting back into it properly though EMO_HAPPY
NEG rb - even for you that is a shocker of an outfit . who did you borrow that off danny la rue ? surprised tr has n't pulled you up on it . selbs - gutted . hope things are n't as bad as they seem .
POS ha ha , who is home first ? 19 stops on the district line in 30 minutes . hope you all got home safely . great to meet hen , eastham , susan , howard , coxy & mr m. look forward to seeing howards pics . a most enjoyable evening even if a few too many calories were consumed EMO_HAPPY . congrats step-grandad didds EMO_HAPPY . hello tutu , we are all a bit tipsy tooooooo ! EMO_HAPPY i have to be at work at 8 as well . EMO_HAPPY
NEG ironman , . i cant get on your web page , so perhaps it would be better to use the forum .
NEU anyone know if many of the places allocated to the charities end up unused ? i recently ran ny , getting a lottery place , but decided to raise money for `` get kids going '' anyway . however , it 's a bit much for me to go back to all my friends/workmates , now and ask them to give me more money to run another one .
POS thanks alan for correct flm number . as expected fleece is in the post .
NEU h - how far ?
NEG 1/2 marathon race this sunday . not sure if i 'm looking forward to it or not .
NEU monday : speed session on the treadmill -LRB- 3 * 10 minute fast with 4 minute recoveries -RRB- . tuesday : 4 miles off road . wednesday : 6 miles steady with a few surges . thursday : warm up 3 fast miles warm down . friday : rest . saturday : 18 miler .
NEG woony , i think eddie was talking about me . i tend to plod behind and looked close to death after 13 last saturday ! sitting here i 'd love to do 18 but will prob change my mind whilst running , especially with those hills .
POS well six of one , half a dozen of the other . i did say that the pace for the get you round group needs to be about about 12 min miles . which if you then take a time based training schedule would give the distance !! in last years ` get you round '' john `` the penquin '' bingham came in at 5hrs 36mins which is approx 12min 45secs / mile
POS this is a great thread and i 'm so glad that im not going totally crazy and that the flm is consuming other people lives as well ! between the marathon dreams , working out mileage , worrying about every little ache or pain , thinking about my blisters etc. . it 's a wonder i can fit the training ! good luck to everyone
NEG if the times were only 15 minutes slower than the men 's qualifying times then there just would n't be enough women qualifying . sad but true . . i seem to remember that the championship women 's qualifying time used to be 3 hours but was dropped in fairly recent years due to the lack of women qualifying . i 've even known the odd woman get a championship place when she has n't got 3.15 but just over and this never happens for the men . in 2000 there were approx 6,000 women in total running the flm compared to 24,000 men ! the same goes for the women championship places going off with the elite rather than starting behind them . there 's only about 100 at the start of the women 's race in total . whereas there are hundreds of championship male entrants . . rm -LRB- hoping to qualify this year for the sub 3.45 guaranteed future entry time -RRB- .
NEU i was out all last week feeling rough - got back into it on monday doing 12 miles , so i would say you 'd be ok
POS if anyone wants a laugh -LRB- apart from watching the cricket -RRB- , check out the ` brazilian or hollywood ' thread on ufrc page !
NEU i use pocketses
POS i 'd run with you marcus .
POS had a good 21.5 miles in 2:57 , so feeling good for the day now . one more long run next week , then ease up at last .
POS i will when i move to stourbridge , they sound really friendly . unfortunately , the cardiff club was too fast for me , and think that 12 min miles is walking !
NEG i really ca n't see something like this being a target . ca n't think of any precedents for attacks on sporting events like this . hardly likely to win any sympathy for their cause .
NEG this is the site but i think you will be too late for a gold bond place , there was a deadline for the entries .
NEU i take it before i start my runs , i did think of trying it about then too . no opinion to offer on the danger though EMO_HAPPY
POS i 'm putting fatbutfit on mine - hopefully other forumites will recognise me
POS yeah ... ... ... ... ... ... . . !!!!!!!
POS thanks for the info guys - very helpful . i seem to be the only one of us going from the red start - i guess i will be somewhere around the rw pacer as well . good luck
POS if you have name on front and back run on outside of the main runners the crowd will see you and give you that pick me up you may need , down themall last year the crowd lifted me of my feet and glided me across the line , it rearly does help
NEU thanks for your advice - i 've decided to scrap any notion of doing the diet . i was dreading having to do it anyway . sine i had a bad marathon experience the first time , i just seem to be looking for ways to get through more comfortably the final 5/6 miles when you enter the ` unknown ' . but probably the best thing as has been said is to take it easy the first half of the race .
NEU yes , but not too soon . would like to do dublin , but also want each marathon to be my best shot and train well . it has to fit into your life and other commitments . personally do n't want to fall into trap of ` collecting ' marathons , underperforming and picking up long term overuse injuries which then have a habit of reappearing . my immediate goals are improving 10k and 1/2m times this year .
POS jim , i am nervous for all of you lot ... if i do n't see you again jim , good luck and enjoy EMO_HAPPY
POS morning snoopy !
NEU hard luck . i blew up at the 16 mile mark last year . but that was because of a lack of training ! it took me 2 and a half hours to do the last 10 miles . well done anyway , though . you still beat my pb by over 15 mins . bb . p.s. did you drink enough ?
NEU ali . i was the ` other ' get you round pacer yesterday . i split from john at mile 16 -LRB- deliberately ! -RRB- to carry on at approx 12 min/mile pace while he dropped back . . i finished in 5:27 from the gun . john did n't have a good day and walked in the last few miles .
POS well done everyone . i was doing ok till about 15miles then slowed dramatically . finished in 4.42.54 according to my watch but flm site showed 4.57 last night which i reckon was my gun time . i did n't enjoy it as much as last year but i think that was a combination of the heat and subconcious pressure on myself to go sub 4.30 . still , i finished and i can walk today and even the stairs are n't too much of a challenge ! see you all next year ?
NEG batfink , that pit bull passed me as well , lead and all.i was looking for his championchip .
POS for some reason i just thought it would be really funny if paula were to run next year 's london marathon in a womble suit or something . the look on ndereba 's face as she gets beaten by three minutes by a womble would be hilarious . so - what costumer should paula wear ?
POS it felt great to me , but that was because my wife and several friends were in the grandstand . once i 'd spotted them and seen my wife holding a camera to her face , i suddenly managed to run faster -LRB- even sprint , or that 's what it felt like -RRB- . i do n't remember the noise , particularly , but it was a great moment !
NEU show-offs the pair of you !
NEG ok , for some reason i do n't seem to be able to put the link in so go to :
POS i seem to remember overhearing someone on the lucozade stand at the marathon expo saying that the drink handed out during the marathon was slightly different from the stuff you buy in the shops - they had made it slightly less sweet to make it easier to take in . can anyone confirm this ?
NEU i do n't think i 'll be able to time it that close -LRB- especially if it 's as warm as it was this year -RRB- . . just hope to be able to pass big ben and be confidant that the clock will be 3:29:59 or less when finishing ...
POS i would never had started without the ` get you round ' run/walk principle . it works !! in this group you are doing for yourselves , not against the clock . you find you do it for others in the same boat around you !! go for it .
NEU will have a look tonight an let you know - nathan just lent about 15 dvd 's to his friend in bristol though so may have a sparse selection ! i have geri yoga if you 'd like to borrow that !
NEG ` also there 's no guarantee i 'll make it to the start line , ca n't legislate for injuries etc. ' . not bottling out already are you richard ?
NEU but its flat - the cobbles are ok if you look out - and there 's only about 200 yards of them
NEU i 've got 118 75
NEG still waiting now expecting to be wearing a new watch . gutted ... got to look at golden bond now or this time next year i 'll be fat and unfit -LRB- ter -RRB-
POS swedwr why do n't you think about joining the sunday run from hove too , currently they are doing about 12.5 , all abilities so you would find your pacer easy enough .
POS - race time calculator . - type in your known time for any distance and it will give predicted time for all distances -LRB- provided you do the appropriate training ! -RRB- .
NEG i like doing speed sessions on the tready too - as has been said it pushes you . had my longest run last night , 15 miles , absolute sh1te . the previous long run was 13.5 and i could easily have done another 3 , last night i blew up at 11 and shuffled the last mile in around 11 minutes , which for me is very slow . bollox . hopefully just a temporary set back .
POS hi matt . i said i 'd let you know re . long runs . our plan is to set off from brookwood bridge on the b ` stoke canal at 10:30 tomorrow morning , running up to woking and on to byfleet and back round in some way -LRB- not quite sure of route as yet -RRB- . we 're aiming for a couple of hours/1/2 m distance . there 'll be me and my friend maxine and her other half john -LRB- aka ` coach ' -RRB- on his pusher with a mileometer and stopwatch just to make sure we do n't cheat - as if ! do n't feel obliged just happy to support fellow flmers . plod on . lise
POS last night was +12 miles at 6 ' 55 '' pace . felt great not to be plodding . i know what you all mean about city / country running . i 'm moving to a house right at the end of the gnr . you can run along the edge of the cliffs -LRB- national trust land -RRB- from south shields along to sunderland and then come back over the hills and countryside of cleadon -LRB- past safc 's academy -RRB- . nothing better than running in the early morning in the summer EMO_HAPPY
NEU i am taking a weekend off this week , kind of scheduled . i am a bit nervous about it but i think it is going to benefit me . i am away in edinburgh . hopefully come back fresher next week ! . really struggling to convince myself to go out tonight at the moment though !
NEG i 've toyed with gettin getting involved with the epping forest running club . but . my problem with running with other people is that i have 2 babies and kind of run when i get windows , so i 'm pretty unreliable when it comes to arrangments . i guess i could find maps if i was n't so lazy
NEG things are n't looking good at the moment . my knee pain is getting a bit worse and i 'm now feeling it after a shorter period of time . i started to feel a bit of pain after just 5 or 6 miles of last nights easy 9.5 miles . i 'll see what happens in my long run this weekend -LRB- 21 miles -RRB- but if it goes badly i may be forced to give up on long runs and just stick with training no longer than 2 hours . i 'll then just `` chance it '' on marathon day . not exactly how i had wanted to prepare .
POS . 1.48 for a half . bed now . goodnight all .
POS andy , have a look at this article on peak performance , they have some interesting stuff to say about tapering . i reckon you should definitely cut your mileage , your body needs a chance to build up glycogen stocks . some of their `` neural training '' workouts could be worth trying . the mantra seems to be `` cut volume , maintain intensity ''
NEU cheers taffy - i 'll check with them and see what the official cut off is . as it stands i would be happy just to run round but i do n't really want to start walking - partly because if the knee is still bad even that could put me out for months . i 've only got a few hundred quid in sponsorship - probably would have got to about 3 or 400 in the end .
POS is her exercise video any good ? if so i 'll get my wife a copy . i 'll have to watch it too of course .
NEU water stops are wet , lucozade stopes are very sticky ! try not to step on bottles of water as you will tuen an ankle - also beware step-squashing lucozade pouches and squirting it up other peoples legs is funny until you tread on one that has had top put back on !
NEG oops - missed a backslash there ...
POS nope . i 'm perfectly content . . about 30 long -LRB- 20 + miles -RRB- since january , with some nice long bike rides and swims in between to get the old ticker turning over . never felt fitter , despite being an old git
POS cheers guys , . i 'm london anyway so i 'll just pop along after work
NEU i 've been looking for accommodation and the concensus of opinion is that most places are full and not even putting peeps on waiting lists as they have so many peeps waiting . i 've opted to stay at heathrow -LRB- family room 74 and parking -RRB- i 've traveled to flm before and i do n't consider the distance from heathrow too much of an issue . brucey bonus is a sharp exit post race from heathrow and up the m40 !
NEU i 've read that any running you do in marathon week will benefit you on a psychological level only - you will certainly not lose any fitness if you do n't run at all .
POS good idea kinsey , and holly do n't forget your mates giz a quid .
NEG ... my next race ... sorry am v. sad and spend tonight looking for other -LRB- much shorter ! -RRB- races !
NEG m , . i 've tried to e-mail you but the link does n't seem to work . let me knoe how i can get in touch
POS good point spans ! think i might just do a gentle jog tonight .
POS chuff - i 'd say do your own splits . that way you 've got complete say about how you do .
POS hello all . i ' have a group of supporters who want the best chance of seeing me , from reading the thread i believe the docklands is ` lighty ; populate by supporters . can anyone suggested a good pub/bar they can hang out until i get my self there ... -LRB- very slowly -RRB- preferably near the course ? and good luck to you all !
POS mikeb - top run , well done !! . i was way behind you , but i got a pb by over 8 minutes - finished in 2.43.29 -LRB- on my watch -RRB- . absolutley delighted with that . . started well - was running 6min miles for the first 5 miles and feeling good , but a bit worried i was going too fast . had a bad patch between 10 and 13ish , but got back on track - my legs started to tighten at about 23 , but finished fairly strongly . interested to hear how everyone else got on .
NEU ken - try me at meerkat . freeserve.co.uk
POS cheers blisters . i 've printed off my split times . the gfa for 2005 is on the website . . i read that as looking like i 'll qualify for 2006 under the rules if nothing changes . in 2005 i 'll still be 40 on race day so would need to have done sub 3:00 . that 's right is n't it ? mib
NEG sorry no time to reply , have n't stopped eating since sunday
POS jamaica that time of year would be nice ...
NEU eddie : bad luck mate , take it easy ... jason
POS ll , i get where you are coming from on the charity . fair play to you for having such a healthy attitude to your priorities , running can get a little obsessive , i 'm seriously about to put myself through a year of that as i 'm after a sub-4 at nyc 05 . travis , how about you give me a ring once you 're recovered , we can build up the fitness together ? ca n't wait for the next time humpy , jase , ll , sloth , travis , and i are out in the forest together , it 's been too long since we we 're all there at the same time .
NEU hi peeps . lucrece - you can get mn 's removed btw ... petal had one removed a few years ago but she thinks it has returned . it 's a small op done under local anaesthetic which leaves a tiny scar . hers occurred before she took up this running lark . 6k run last night - 1st since cardiff 1/2 last sunday ... . felt good ... ...
NEG hsbc has n't updated either !!
POS evening chris , . i too kept my end of the bargain - you 're obviously good for me . did just under 1.5 miles -LRB- not easy to check mileage as i use an alley which does n't show up on road maps -RRB- and it took me 13mins 37 secs -LRB- those secs are really important are n't they ? -RRB- i 'm a bit of a snail as you can see but then again i have n't run since mid sept and had only been training then for one month after a 2 year break . it can only improve though eh ? . the hal higdon schedules can be found on the url below - i hope to be following the novice one soon but have to try to build up a bit first ... calf a bit tender but not too bad - we 'll see what tomorrow brings . rice 's it anyway so time will tell . at least my achilles held up and is pain free . will attempt run again tomorrow if calf ok as the schedule calls for runs on tues , wed and thurs so i 'd better start as i mean to go on . . great news banana , happy shoe hunting , and billie - sorry to hear about your virus - hope you 're well and truly on the mend now and back out there running . have a good evening all -LRB- what 's left of it -RRB- .
NEU hi anthony , . thanks for the link - i shall have a look at it . sha - if you dont get any luck on this thread , try the sub 2.45 thread . . have i bored everyone stupid so you 've now deserted the thread ? apologies , if that is the case !
NEU just to correct some misinformation at the top of the page . the paris marathon still has 14,000 places left for applicants to take up -LRB- it 's on 10 april 2005 . -RRB-
NEU and a happy new year to everyone as well . celebrated the new year by going for my longest training run so far @ 16.25 miles in 2:22:54 . unfortunately the underside of one of my feet is aching . i do n't think its plantar faciitis as nothing seems to be painful when i prod it . i 'm suspect its just the pounding its taken this morning .
NEU a true northerner :--RRB- . well i 'm taking another rest day . i normally run on saturday mornings whilst my daughter is at theatre school but i 'm still tired so i 'm leaving it til monday . i am also having a major mental readjustment . there will be no more going for a time . i have done this before , over trained , crashed and burned . i probably wo n't get my sub 5 but i 'll actually get to the start line which will be better than last year . i 'll still do the speed work , i enjoy it :--RRB- , but i will be very strict with my self on the long run . no more turning the sound off . the beeping is there for a reason , to stop me overdoing it !!!!! i got very depressed during my training last year . then i came down with labyrinthitis and was out of the race . i think i was pushing too hard even tho i was run walking . sorry if i have rambled on but that 's what the forums here for :--RRB- . by the way the cars brilliant !!!!
POS if you look back a few pages , cc , emma explains all . did 53.10 in the 10k . could have gone a bit quicker , but as first 10k for a few years , did n't want to make an a e of myself . doing another 10k in eastleigh on 13th march . gloves off ! friday it is -LRB- hopefully -RRB- then . i 'll map out a loop , rather than the out and back we are so fond -LRB- ?! -RRB- of :--RRB- . going to harlow later so off-line until tomorrow -LRB- unless i fork out for internet link in my room -RRB- . wonder what the birthday fairy will bring me while im sleeping this morning ! ... . .
POS thanks porcus - i think i 'll add in a couple to start with as you say , probably mondays after the lsd and maybe fridays .
POS yes , i 'm off this weekend-hurrah ! did a 12.3 miler yesterday and my toes really hurt today and not sure if it 's shoes , sox or just my rubbish running ! think i might struggle on trails as only been doing pavement pounding as training . oh well-it 'll be a laugh ... ... . . for them if not for me !
NEG not great news this to put it mildly , particularly as i received an email from runners world just a week or so ago , confirming the event would go ahead and you were just confirming dates - not impressed .
NEU ran a 17 miler today with my new rubbery but orangey tasting camelpack ... ... the question is ... should i use it on thr flm ??? it must take up valuable time stopping at waterstations as where the pack gives you continuous movement ... the 2 litrses is heavy at first but soon gors ... ???????
POS morning all ! sounds like everyone is doing brilliantly , so i 'm going to bring the mood down ... nah , not really . although my run at the weekend was not the best it 's still further than i 've ever gone before . is anyone else feeling frustrated even though they are doing things they could n't have comprehended a year ago ? anyway was aiming for 16 miles in 3 hours , but made it back in 3 hrs 25 m , so not great . it was in a new area near worcester and the malverns and was pretty hilly compared to running in sw london , so that 's my excuse ! the only good thing is i have recovered well and have no aches and pains today ! 4 hr 30 is looking like a fading dream but still as long as i make it around i will be happy . silverstone next weekend , when of course the goal is 2 hours , but will be happy to finish feeling good . keep up the good work everyone , not long left now !
POS delia , hopefully will get it all sorted out and it will prove a blessing in disguise for it to have happened now . well done for finishing despite the pain . i 'm sure we 've been told that mental strength is almost more important than physical , and you 've proved yours . what about menu plans for the day before - proven supper dishes to charge us up ?
NEG t & tm hmmm , yes i left my last gym because of the 20 minute rule on the machines . . i had a right go -LRB- in my pathetic doe eyed girly way -RRB- about paying 40 a month so i can train in the warm whilst watching eastenders , and how am i suposed to train for a marathon in 20 minutes a go etc. promptly left and joined their rival ha ! nice to have long rest . i had 3 days off in a row 2 and a half weeks ago , and it really did me good . started feeling very restless though so went and did that ridiculous rhayader race which nearly killed me and had to have another 2 days off ! br ... they say 1gram of vitamin c every 2 hours for 12 hours will rid you of a cold -LRB- yes 1 gram ... may give you a slight orange tinge around the edges though ;o-RRB- -RRB-
NEU mutters ! . anyway , your doggy has gone completely ... where is behind a tree ? glad your back is ok rh . well , having now seen the video ... i am not making copies ... i wobble like mad ... or was it the camera ?
NEG nowt :--LRB- . diet starts after flm -LRB- carbo loading / stress eating just now ! -RRB- . will be reducing my running and reminding myself that i have blubber for fuel so do not need to replace energy following 3 hrs run cos i wo n't be out for more than 60 mins now -LRB- my family wants mummy back ! -RRB-
NEG do n't think i could focus enough on getting all the letters in correct order , think my brain might seize up or somethin' !!
NEG no man with a crippled foot or hand , or who is hunchbacked or dwarfed , or who has any eye defect , or who has festering or running sores or damaged testicles . doubt they 'd have the balls to do that anyway ...
NEG i 'm finding this taper period quite tough to handle mentally , and there 's still 10 days to go ! time is dragging . also i use running to relax and without that outlet i feel a bit wound up ! no matter how many taper articles i read i ca n't escape the feeling that my conditioning is starting to ebb away . stupid i know , but there you go . although i am looking forward to the 17/4 so much it will also be a relief to get my old life back . i shall of course carry on running , but like tallguy i 'm really missing my bike . i have n't run since doing a rather painful 4m on tuesday . my thighs seem to develop new aches each time i get up in the morning plus i have a sore groin . i know there 's nothing serious but it all adds to the tension . i am planning no more than 2 more runs . probably 8m at marathon pace on sat and then a slow 5m next tuesday . followed by a sports massage .
POS just been on the amsterdam website . oooooh , very tempting , and a finish in the olympic stadium ! anyone care to join me for my ` pilgrimage ` run from truleigh hill ? preferably on sunday morning .
NEU gx signs , 130 albion street , southwick . 01273 597799 , dg . usually takes a couple of days . helpful if you have your design on disc , but not essential .
NEG i would have a word with the big fella ' but my line of comunication is down at the mo ' .
POS trinity ... staying with friends/family in letchworth . hope to get down to register on thursday then drive down on sunday morning , -LRB- we found a sneeky parking area within 1/2 mile of blackheath -RRB-
NEG hi all , . good to read that everyone has an eventful weekend . . i did 12m this morning -LRB- 94:11 -RRB- , & it was one of the most uncomfortable runs i 've had in a long time . my left hip pain aggravated me most of the time & i also found that after about 7m my right knee began hurting too . the knee pain was directly above the kneecap & is something completely new to me . i continued to run on with it though & the pain went eventually at about 11m . i 've been icing it -LRB- & the hip -RRB- this afternoon and will continue to do so for as long as is needed . . i will definately be on the start line next week , i just hope it 's not with a strategy that 's had to be revised at the last minute . happy tapering ... ttt .
POS hi i am in this years flm and will be travelling up from dartford train station on the morning of the marathon . i think i will be catching the 7.18 am train to blackheath . starting from the blue start . are there any of you out there that want to meet up . i am hoping to do sub 4 hrs so possible running partner as well or wants to do similar would be good .
NEU ghosts in the pipes ? i am quite happy to talk coherently or otherwise . i am usually the one doing exactly that to those who will listen or even those who wont !!
NEU i 've got a lovely black toenail . i can see it through the hole in my sock :-RRB- -RRB-
POS definitely come to london and spectate - why not join the rw supporters at mile 17 ?
NEU good morning higo , . try punching someone , that helps . . : - > .
POS better to put his information on the urwfrc website , then it will get to the support teams !!!
POS diana , i 'm in pen 9 red start so will try to see you there - meningitis vest , yes ?
NEU delia . i am scottish therefore naturally blue looking so i 'll take my chances on streaking lol . no it should n't wash off . but if it goes on streaky . . i have a wedding next week i need to practise application 4 .
POS hail hail . thanks venom . will try for gfa place , but wont bust my balls for it . paul cameron - is that you pseudo ? if so , well done mate . i owe you a beer . top running .
NEG obviously that should have read , who actually wants to take part . . actually osd , do n't even bother to defer .
NEU oh dont worry i will be ! straight after ! my problem has been trying to stop during training , i have just never managed it for longer than about 2 days ! will probably have a couple of glasses tonight to help me sleep - hopefully wont do me too much harm , after all i 'm certainly not elite .
POS thank god . can someone post another 80 weather threads between now and sunday . cheers .
POS priceless
NEG a picture has to be a . jpg or . gif of 100 x 120 pixels and the size has to be no larger than 12kb . as for getting your picture to that size that 's another matter . mine was trial and error and even when it said it was accepted it took a couple of days to go live .
POS just spotted your posting higo x , well done mate , speak to you tomorrow . i 'm knackered , going to bed . EMO_HAPPY
NEU it was my first marathon yesterday and think i entered a fair time on my form -LRB- 5.10 -RRB- and started in pen 9 . i had been warned about congestion in the first 6 miles but there was none - all very civilised and chance to get a good rhythm going . the dodging and weaving came in the last 6 miles when i was getting a rhythm again after a bad patch through 17-20 -LRB- there were bits where you could n't even try to run in the isle of dogs , it was just a stream of walkers -RRB- . perhaps they can put in theoretical slow and fast lanes -LRB- like at swimming pools -RRB- and walkers are obliged to move into the other lane , with some encouragement from the many course marshalls . however , i do know that at 22 miles when you 're tired etc , the last thing you need is some `` police '' telling you what to do . i plodded in at 5.55 , but with a smile on my face .
POS sounds like my kinda town . thanks dustin . can you lend me the money ? - i 'm sure you made enough from kramer v kramer .
POS and i think dg wants to join us !!
NEU sweetest thing - just goes to show how effective a run/walk can be - only 8 mins slower than me - and i ran all the way . i di n't deduct my loo stop either - although was tempted - do n't see much point though - might look better to everyone else but you still know your time ...
NEU am 46 too but think the tiredness is definitely a hormone thing - nothing to do with my years ! mentally i 'd say i was about 13 ... . have a 5m run planned with a friend on saturday morning - nice and early at 9 . should be ok by then hopefully .
POS katypie - brilliant run , you 're an inspiration to us all and you must stay on this thread . debbo - good run , you must be pleased with that . did you speak to goslo ? have n't seen her on the forum for ages , last spoke to her in fw . hippo - blackpool this weekend , what are you hoping to do , pb ? or are you saving that for cardiff . my knee seems a bit better today , even after 10m yesterday and 4.2 m hilly this morning . i know i have a niggle there and i think a pair of shoes i trained in on friday really aggravated it so they 're going in the bin . i never really liked them anyway and i still have 20 pairs -LRB- and one pair on order ! -RRB-
NEG jane -- i honestly didnt realise at the time . i was supposed to be taking it easy in july
NEG i 'm on 40 + at the moment , although my lr at the weekend was cut to a paltry 8 miles after my husband spent all day out windsurfing . was not amused . probably not a bad thing , though as i had two very tough sessions last week -LRB- one interval and one tempo -RRB- which left me feeling quite sore . my speed is definitely improving , though , so the work is worth it . next sunday should see me up to 18 miles for the long run , and then i go up to 20 milers for the four weeks after that .
NEU hi r-b , running efficiency will improve with fitness , it is normal for beginners to be heavy on their feet as , as you mention , there is n't sufficient pace in the early stages for a smooth heal/toe action . as fitness comes stride will lengthen a bit and breathing will be more in rythm with cadence so the whole action gets smoother .
POS good time trin , well done . shame about all the little prob 's though . hope you heal in time for the robin hood . very good idea dips a meeting before chr ***** s , got any suggestions where . i love that feeling to mava , new running shoes , mine are falling to bits and have a large red stain from a painting accident . i think im gon na have a look for some bargain new ones . im a bit of a skin flint though if there over 35 i cant bring myself to buy them . spent 120 once and they were the worst shoes i ever had , so its back to the bargains .
POS kp - i like 10 mile races . have you ever done the arbroath women 's 10 mile one ? it 's great - lovely route and fantastic home baking and lunch at the end too ! i 'll report back on the suit . actually i do n't know if my post-holiday flab will fit in to it ...
NEU hi everyone , i just wanted to let melf know that i 'm all over the place with my exercise too at the moment . i do feel guilty reading how many of you have set new goals and are working towards those , and i want to recapture the determination i had to stick to a training plan before the marathon . i think maybe now that the autumn weather is coming i might find it easier to get out there , but i know ultimately that the incentive has got to come from me , and not the weather !!
NEU hi all . you 're dead right about the speed sessions kezzabee , i 'm not keen on them at the best of times and quite often the only time i do them is with the running club , or when i run with a couple of mates -LRB- who are usually better than me -RRB- . been doing quite a bit of off road at the moment preparing for my first proper fell race on sunday . although i do n't do any structured speed sessions , you can certainly go pretty damm fast downhill after struggling on your hands and knees up the blxxdy hill in the first place ! went out for a 45 min session at lunchtime , a bit of a slog uphill on the road for a good 700-800 ft of climbing then down through the fields and tracks through the woods which was a bit of fun in my road shoes after the recent rain ! all good practice for sunday , 7 miles and 1000ft of climbing ... ummmm . the guy i was running with is a proper fell runner and did it last year and he was reassuring me ' just dig in on the way up , some of it is hands on knees , and try and hang on , then see if you make up a bit on the way down , just do n't go too fast or you 'll be too knackered for the next steep hill ... gulp . looking forward to it more and more ! , although possibly not as intimidating as that bleep test moggie ! have a good day all . cheers . beders
NEU so , how are people finding out early if they 've got in to flm ? i do n't get it . i thought we did n't find out til december ... lochaber sounds good as an alternative -LRB- had a look at paris last night , but it seems a bit of an expense really what with flying out there etc -RRB- what 's the best way to get there from down here though ? fly to inverness and travel from there ?
NEG and i must remember to switch off the f **** n ' e-mail notification .
POS waiting like you weds , i just spied a thread that i went on two years ago , will boing up for you .
POS do you fancy cardiff ?? < wanders off to check bank account and remember what size fleece i ordered > .
NEG ... crumbs - i go away for 2 days and realise that i 've opened a can of worms !
NEU i would recommend the white peak , although it is a small race with only 200 runners . you are bussed to the start and run back to cromford along the tiisington and high peak trials -LRB- old railway lines -RRB- . although not hilly , it is n't flat either . first 10 miles are gradually up high , second half downhill , with 3 fairly steep downhills . if you want to do it , you will need to move quickly when the entries open due to the limited numbers that can be accepted . there is also a half marathon which runs over the second half of the marathon course .
NEU did you bequeath ? no . date cashed -LRB- or `` not cashed yet '' -RRB- 2nd nov. no of times entered -LRB- not including this ballot -RRB- 0 . number of times rejected -LRB- not including this ballot -RRB- 0 . predicted time code e -LRB- optimistic -RRB- . do you live in london/scotland/other ? other . do you read the sun/other ? sometimes and other
NEG br : . cheeky bugger .
POS more welcomes , . brook and georgias dad , . gd , i am also wating on a club place find out 27 dec. brook youll be fine im sure . . k9 good to see you posting over here again ... enjoy the weekend all - anyone racing . . -LRB- im doing the maylarch eynsham 10k -RRB-
NEU evil pixie - yeah , no worries , go ahead and link to me . . no slacking for me either , now !
NEU micksta - is that 32 as in anything under 33 or 32 as in 32 dead ? because if one of your aims is a sub 16 minute 5k , a 32 minute 10k may be a little ambitious ! mid to low 33s and maybe sub 33 could be a possibilty if it all comes together though !
NEU i put 4:30 lolal though im following a sub 3 hour training plan . lol . in training every day and currently the furthest i have run is 11 miles . lol . im also doing a bit of witght training as im like a stick lol .
POS i have just started this -LRB- week 2 -RRB- and am finding it great as it is based on time rather than mileage - i just wondered if anyone used to last year and how they rated it ?
NEU ow - that sounds painful , stephen ! hurry back slowly - lots of time until flm .
POS trouty - yes and his hm time as well . he should be down in the 73s -LRB- i think his best is 75 . xx -RRB- . then he 'd have a championship place for flm and might be encouraged to have a go . always nice to hear from you at tower bridge - a friendly local face :--RRB- . back any better ?
NEU get into an argument on the forum . spend runs thinking about how to win it EMO_HAPPY
POS christchurch jon - i think that long and slow is the basis for your long runs . i dunno ... a minute , or minute and a half slower than marathon pace ? also , i would imagine that the advice from others would also be along the lines of slowly increasing the distance of your long runs ... 12 miles one week , 15 the next , 18 the next etc ? well , that 's what i 'd do anyway .
NEU toffee , . park nearer woodford station , the roads approaching ashton 's are clear.it 's easier to walk down.parking around the track is a nightmare on race day . yes , people do meet by the water jump , you should n't go wrong .
NEU ahha ... just one thing rich ! you got the wrong shirl ... the one on the other thread is the mark 2 model ! think you will find our shirl has deferred due having a life . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU hi all . thought i 'd just let you know how i got on . well for those of you that do n't know they cocked up the course so we ended up doing just under 14 miles i 'm told ! my time was 2.46 , which if i adjust for the extra reckon it would have been about 2.34 - not bad as i was aiming for around 2.30 ! also had a nasty fall just before ten miles and turned my ankle . kept going but the last couple of miles were hard and had to walk at bit ! but managed to keep running the last mile and even managed a pretty good sprint finish -LRB- good me for ! -RRB- . thoroughly enjoyed it , doing 2 laps did n't phase me and was estatic to finish feeling reasonably good . . legs feel fine - ankle is sort and have two lovely blisters -LRB- one on each foot -RRB- but other than being tired doing good .
NEU i suspect i wo n't be there long enough to offer proper support but you all hang out at mile 17 do you ? teen a is doing the mini mara so i 'll see if it 's plausible to walk back and say hello at least .
NEU jakesy and njord . totally agree with jools b on this and your situation puts everything into perspective does n't it ?! it 's quite easy to get precious sometimes and feel a bit hard done by if you have to run when you 've had a bad day or whatever ... steady undulating 8 miler for me today squeezed in between getting home from work and my little girl 's bathtime . completed in 56:54 which is around 7m 06secs pace and at 65 % whr average . bye for now as off for my tea ! nl
NEG i hope it does n't snow either i 'm working tonight , and running tomorrow
POS is everyone feeling positive and what sort of times are people aiming for ? . i think realistically i am looking at a 5hr 30 .
NEU we only had ten men , ten men , we only had ten men , ten men . sorry toffee but class is always permanent . i thought we played better without gerrard he did n't do anything in the first 18mins anyway . could have had 5 or 6 in all honesty . how ya feeling legless ; 0 -RRB-
NEU -LRB- -LRB- miss delia -RRB- -RRB-
POS bex , very nice run , hope your back is holding up as well
POS fenn , . sainsbury 's ibuprofen tablets . swerve , . i do take your point and will be discussibg further with my physio tomorrow . i 'll report back then . thanks guys ...
POS thanks . last question ! - do you have a favourite ultra ?
NEG gweedore im waiting for a new bum bag , as got to carry gels , phone , mp3 & anything else i might need like plasters , etc -LRB- trying to find a belt with kitchen sink attachment , not found it yet thou -RRB- . i hear the reason paula has pulled out is because of a fast bunch a forum thread on runners world web site , started by a caramel .
NEG i hate it when that happens . i get so scared
POS thanks folks . can get a train about 6.30 from h.h. so would be at london bridge 7.15 - 7.30 so should be ok .
NEU sbf - thanks . the problem seems to be rooted in the back but it 's messing up my gait which has stressed the calves . my physio was ill last week but i 'm seeing him again on thursday . hopefully today 's massage will also help . hope all is well with you .
POS rb - that 's awesome mate ; well earned , and hope you take time to have a few beers and enjoy your holiday . not too bothered about your hr stats -LRB- we 'll let cm sneak off to a private place to drool over those -RRB- , but very keen to hear your mental state throughout the race . eg , . what pace did you set out to run ? did your plan go out the window when you were running well ? at what point did you start thinking about your likely finishing time ? were you consciously -LRB- or subconsciously -RRB- racing crab ? did you think about the feedback you 'd have to supply to this forum ? -LRB- did it help or hinder progress -RRB- - ca n't deny i 've thought about having to cough up my result on here mid-race over the past few months . what was the priority during the last 10k ? just get to the finish , or still aim for a particular time ? was running 2.46 harder or easier than running 3.00 - for me , the quicker the race , the easier it has been , if you know what i mean . did you mentally rehearse your reaction to crossing the line , somewhere around the half way mark ? did you cry ? fkg hope not . what 's next on the rb agenda ? only a couple of minutes from qualifying for those luxury bogs at london next year . questions , questions ... look forward to your answers . crab - keen to know your mental process throughout as well .
NEU mel have you used ice or cold baths after your runs ?? not sure about the drink meeting due to work stuff but planning to go to the expo first thing thursday am , advance notice in case any of you wanted to avoid another pep talk from me and see me shaking like a jelly . when are others planing to pick up their stuff and then shop for england .
NEU should we take are chat over to the free money thread ?
NEU was that your legs or arms fancy ???
NEG sounds like everyone has gone away
POS hmmm . now there 's an idea . . last day at work today so may take myself off for a swim tomorrow afternoon ...
POS just back from picking up my number from the expo . sorry sammy could n't wait til saturday , so i 'll be putting my feet up while you 're standing in the queue . really enjoyed it . got my feet analysed & confirmed that i am a neutral runner which is just as well as i was n't going to change me trainers at this late stage . paul tergat was there but i see he 's dropped out . what with him and paula , if another 30,000 drop out i might be in with a chance .
NEU tempting andy - i wonder if i can persuade the other half -LRB- have two daughters as well who want to be there -RRB- . what hotel is it ? the main reason we 're not staying over is that we 're used to driving to london and it 's only a 90 minute drive -LRB- to stratford or one of the dlr stations -RRB- and about another 30 minutes by tube . . it 's just that all my marathon nerves are being channelled into this one thing right now .
NEU tonight gon na have pasta and sause with vegs mixed in oh with extra garlic just to keep colds at bay . are you eating more or the same amount of food as usuall . . i too feel bloated . . think i should of stopped at 1 bagel .
NEU do you have to run it or can you do it in your car ?
POS thanks jej - did n't know that about the water .
NEG stickless - i have no character : o
POS good luck to all of you for sunday.enjoy your stay in the greatest city in the world.soak up the atmosphere.it 's one big carnival all the way.this is the greatest marathon in the world with the greatest support in the world .
POS have a brilliant day . good luck
NEG in my view the congestion from the blue start seemed to be caused by the ambulance situated after about 800m . i had assumed this was due to some sort of incident that had occured , but watching the video today it was there when the elite woman passed .
POS st paul 's youth hostel - cheap -LRB- 54 for a double -RRB- , quiet , and close to london bridge station . we 've stayed there for the last 3 marathons , and it 's great .
NEU i 'd start raising money for a charity now.the best chance you will have of getting a place is through the golden bond.if you can raise in the region of 1000 by november you 'll have a good chance of getting one.the hardest part of the flm is getting a place . as for the training everything you have said seems right .
NEG i could n't eat after the marathon fenn . my appetite has only just returned . i did force some recovery drink and an energy bar down but that was it . i know that 's wrong rio !
POS sub 6 in my case roobarb !! ;o-RRB- . do you think carole would be ok to give us an hour of her time to share between us ?!?! EMO_HAPPY
POS evening all . was planning on a run or two this weekend , or a bit of cycling , but instead opted for a night out clubbing on friday -LRB- we were in the pub by 4.30 pm and home about 2ish ! -RRB- and then spent the rest of the time paying back my other half for her support since january and spending time with the little one doing some nice ` family things ' . do feel totally refreshed however and literally chomping at the bit now , so going to head out tomorrow after work for a 4 miler . sbf - that analysis of results was fantastic , and ashamed to say that somehow the reds did beat the blues :o-LRB- . i uess we all need to keep the momentum going to achieve the goal of sub 4 . last night just before bed i was watching a little bit more of the live flm coverage i sky + ` ed last sunday . is that your first appearance on tv cas ?? EMO_HAPPY that bob the builder costume must have taken a lot of efort to make , it really was quite impressive . afraid i 'm not going to make abingdon , just not practical for me to get there and already have plans for october i 'm afraid . but i will still hang around here for support/banter with my own races if thats ok ? and maybe next year the flm might be in the picture and we will defo have to meet up ? my race plan for the summer looks like this : . 10 mile race may . 10k race june . 10k race july . half marathon august . not sure about sept yet . half marathon october . with the training required i hope to retain/improve overall fitness and improve speed . and lose a bit more weight !
NEU a solid performance , good pacing throughout . must be harder to run sub 3 in a 17c vienna compared to a 12c london . does n't research on marathon times , find 12c the ideal temp , and 1c above or below that = loss of performance of 1 % -LRB- not sure how they would measure this -RRB- . what 's needed : a cool autumn marathon .
NEG dn . for interest , i never did get an email back from the cardiff race director on the potential safety issues surrounding the 2:30 to 3:00 finishing time . just think of the aggro that the poor winner will suffer ? can i hang on to your skirt tails in abingdon ?
NEU hi guys . not been on here for ages , i am struggling to get properly nack into running again . lovced the marathon and def want to do another one , have entered nottingham half in september so i need to get my backside in gear ! got ill at begiining of may so was out fr a fortnight but i am enjoying do some excercise other than running , back into my circuit training again . by the way i raided 2500 for charity ! well done on the amount you did bp !!! i entered the edinburgh marathon but i have postponed place to next year as was n't able to get the training runs in a the weekends due to being away all the time . glad to see some of you still about .
POS hi all , . been going out a lot with my club recently and really enjoying it . i am definately improving now because of it , last friday we did 2.5 mile relays which was hard but good . i got out with them on mondays and wednesdays . tomorrow we do the haytor heller course which actually takes place on sunday , i am going to be a marshall . did a good 7 mile run last night , a lot of hills . doing a 6 mile race on friday evening which i am looking forward to , i am really enjoying my running at the moment . i am hoping to build up to dartmoor vale marathon in october and then hopefully london again next year .
POS in reverse . if i maintained stride length , and ran 170 spams , my marathon time would be 3:40 .
NEU mike - my target marathon pace his year was 7:00 , -LRB- in 2005 it was 7:15 and the wednesday runs were correspondingly slower -RRB- so that 's what i was working up to . sometimes you get carried away and go a little faster . at the start of the build-up they were a little slower , but as your fitness improves they get to 7:00 so in my eyes they were marathon-paced . threshold running would be 6:40 pace for me . and anywya , if i could manage a 20-mile race at 6:45 pace , surely 7:00 pace is ok for those runs ?
POS hello runners , . well missed a load of posts since the 2006 flm due to ligamant damage ... but am back !! deffered my 2006 place so will be in the 2007 . firstly is this the right place ? sub 4.00 hrs ? or am i too early ?? help !
NEU roobarb also i think everyone recovers differently , after lochaber i raced a 3k and got a pb only 4 days afterwards and after dumfries i raced and got a pb for a 10k only a week afterwards . legs too tired after moray to even think about doing my normal steady pace at the moment never mind race .
NEU is it a full length one ?
POS well its certainly picked up on this thread . welcombe everyone . jellybabe and viffer are well ahead of us on the training front but there 's still plenty of time to go . o'donut which training plan are you going with . stylish like you i have found a couple of races that i have just entered to try the mileage build up . both are hilly off road runs -LRB- bit new to me -RRB- but sound fun ?? drogo 10 and bicton blister both in november in devon . cheques should be cashed at the end of this month if you are in . speak soon EMO_HAPPY
NEG stoppit !
NEG checked my barclays account post midnight - nothing gone out .
POS susie sorry - fingers still a bit numb several hours later . . lord d thanks for that , but i have been doing the step-drops 30 times every morning before i do anything else and in the evening when i remember . think i 'll work up to 50 reps though . i 've been told i have tendonosis -LRB- i.e. degeneration -RRB- rather than tendonitis -LRB- inflammation -RRB- . probably my achilles had mis-spent youths ! . do n't worry about remedial it for your daughter - it probably means she has excellent social and other non-cognitive skills instead ! lots of evidence -LRB- from day-job -RRB- that non-cognitive skills -LRB- e.g. communication , team-working , self-efficacy -RRB- are increasingly important in the labour market .
NEG accobatic overhead kick to hammer it home
NEG oops - sorry roobs , forgot about luton !
NEU we seem to be very well-catered for with half marathons in the north west as build up : - helsby , village bakery , great north western , wilmslow , liverpool . but there is a distinct shortage of further distances . the milford 21 -LRB- miles -RRB- in staffordshire is the only longer run i can find in travelling distance - anyone know one of any other 20-milers anywhere near the north west ?
NEG guess who is hung over this morning and has n't run ... ... ... ... . bloody gremlins !
NEU susan . activate your e-mail link and i will e-mail you . i have n't received a reply to the charity who contacted me :o-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- . . . and i have support of my employer to guarantee bond :o-RRB-
POS i 'm in for macmillan . there must be more of us because their website says all their gb places are taken !
POS remember to miss a session if you need to as well . it is early days yet and there is a long way to go to stay fit and healthy
POS good luck susie have a good run . sounds like the training is going well .
POS sounds like a good plan nickm , i will do the same . the massage was good thanks , my calfs tighten quite easily so i really need a good session once every two or three weeks . . i also started using fetch in 2007 . good fun and even takes the football and badminton in as x training . no garmin or anything more than a watch here so it is my only source of information . . i have n't sorted my flm place yet jbss but am still hopeful . it may have to be charity in the end though . i will let you know what success i have . our club places went to a husband and wife this year ... very cosy ! hmmmph ! later .
NEG i did n't buy any official merchandise last time i ran london marathon 2002 . i sort of regretted it afterwards but looking through the adidas gear it seems a bit pricy has anyone here bought anything from the london marathon range is it good and is it worth paying the extra to have a london marathon logo on it ?
POS blimey alex - where did all that come from ?! two glasses of shiraz maybe . how decadent , drinking at lunch time at work ! reminds me of the old days < harpy music wafting into the past > ... would love to do ny . must see if i still have any knee cartiledge left after flm this year . clare - is your half on sunday a race race or a race to make a long run more interesting ?
NEU shakes head . speedwork . not good for one ;-RRB-
NEG ahhhh ... beginning to think i should have gone out for a run last night this does n't sound too good ...
NEU just a few laps of retiro parque in madrid for el toffee this evening ! think ive just scraped in 10-12 miles this week so far , but the comeback is on !
NEU evening all , . jonny w. was a wizard - i was only 8 mins out ! . therefore if i predict 30-31 mins for my 10k race tomorrow i should be ok . i suppose the folks who went to twickers are still swigging back the sauce somewhere in sarf london . a few approx . stats again then pug . cm . keep on swimming and pj ` ing - look what it did for jonny w. if i have a shit race tomorrow , its been nice knowing you all if only briefly - i 'll be relocating .
NEU rio 's just ` precious ' about other stuff laugh out loud !!!
NEU
NEU daz if i have to pull my finger out can i use yours , as you so kindly offered earlier ?!! go easy on that drive home . middle pinks is driving home from b ` ham this afternoon so hope it does n't snow again . whats it like in london ? nicks how is that leg ? are you doing lsr tomorrow ? i 've got 15 on my schedule and it looks chilly out there !
NEU hippo . the more job , the more chance of you getting one . . i am being careful of my knee , having a massage next wednesday . hope your legs get you round draycote .
NEU cg - its a shame to hear you say `` this thread is a little bit scary '' . if you are aspiring to sub 3:15 then surely this is your thread ? there are a good few on here that are now running sub-3 style mileage and times , probably as a result of training going better than expected , and i hope no-one else has been put off by this or is worrying too much that their mileage/speed is n't up to it ? i know i 've ran 3:06 before off about 40mpw and 7.8 min/mile lsrs , so i figure so can anyone else . anyway after all that rambling i do n't have anything more to say wrt your question that has n't been said above . e.g. , i let my legs chose my sunday lsr pace and it ended up being a lot faster than most training plans would suggest - am yet to find out whether or not that was a stupid thing to do . . was it really worth the risk ? doubt it .
NEG finally gotten rid off my cold after 10 days , bloody thing . depending on whats on telly later and how awake i feel -LRB- went from evening shifts to morning shifts with work today so i get less sleep for a night -RRB- will see how far i run tonight . currently tipping down so i think it 'll be a treadmill session . aim for 6 miles roughly i think . got ta remember to ask what each trendline on my funky spreadsheet graph is as i hav n't a clue , mainly as its a spreadsheet i aquired off another runner at work . heck even the boss has been out a few times over the last few weeks at lunchtime .
POS ... and good luck on sunday m4
NEU 9 miles for me today at 8:30 pace . just one more session tomorrow then a mini-taper for hastings on sunday . looking forward to a couple of rest days after 10 consecutive days of running . hastings should be a good test , but the bbc weather site is forecasting 29 mph sw winds on sunday which will make the last 2.5 miles along the seafront a bit of a drag !
POS hi dazpd good to have you back today !!
NEU erm , i got mine last saturday .
NEU -LRB- whoops , a pb by 3 mins not 4 -RRB-
NEU gosh , it 's good to know there are others a bit like me ! starting out a bit fast is a worry just because i have not done the distance before .
POS sc/ld . many thansk for your advice . simon
NEU pg - here is the link to the part of this site with the rcae time calculator on it . basically it is a formula used to convert one races time to anothers which is pretty accurate and is also in the middle of the range you would get if you used some of the other ways of working out race times from other races . debra - well done on the 15 miles . i managed to get 6 miles done in 56 mins running aorund stafford on tuesday night as i was down there for a conference with work . stopping up in the bar until 1am and a slight twinge in my ankle meant i ditched the planned 6 or 9 mile run pre breakfast . did 6 mile on the treadmill before work at lunchtime and the ankle was n't to bad just a minor ache at the moment so i think i 've tweaked it probably on the rough ground alongside the dual carriage way in stafford . still looking to do 20 miles or so on sunday and as of yet i hav n't decided where i 'll run too , probably stock up on drinks and some food and just run where ever the heck i feel like it . i 'll probably check i can measure off my garmins sporttracks stuff indivdual sections so i can combine in a load of differing sized laps in the area .
POS rw supporters thread :
POS greetings all , . still one hard week for me to go , . had a great day today , a nice 5.5 m slow at lunch and then ... a club run meant to be done at mp tonight , well that didnt happen , 1st mile at 8m then the next 4 very quick , in fact very quick for me ... . is everything starting to kick in , as felt tired but comfortably strong at the same time ... . . great tips above , . also dont forget the sun cream lotiion , the abount of times i have been wind and sun burnt at maras ... . also plenty of vasaline in any area that can rub , crutch , grion area , butt cheeks , arm pits etc. and for the men the nipples either plasters / tape or vasaline ... take care
POS hi willy , whats your marathon pb ? if i was you i would go for 2 ; 45 , what have you got to loose ? your not that far off and your times are very close to mine .
NEG the simple question to ask is : . `` do you want my money or not ? '' . that is if you have raised any ... i 'm very surprised they are not jumping through hoops to sort this for you .
NEU what does your physio say about cortisone injections ?
NEU i had cortisone injection for nerve problem in foot.seemed to take a few days for it to work but definately worked for me . doc would n't do it for me had to go private . good luck
NEG website is now complete . runners world london marathon 2007 runners & supporters website . <u> no updates have been made to add any runners since thursday last week , i shall update these tomorrow . some other minor updates are also outstanding </u> . if you encounter any problems with the website or have any suggestions please email me .
POS x-post there with sandra ! as i said , i 'm happy to go along with the rest of you .
POS thanks for suggesting a meeting spot alex - i was hoping you would . . EMO_HAPPY . i 'll be wandering over from the isle of dogs -LRB- after dropping off the rather fabulous `` rw forum supporters 100m ahead '' sign i made , at mile 17 - watch out for it !! -RRB- and should be there about 08:30 i guess . white cap , shelter vest with keryn on the front . got last minunte tickets to the arsenal game last night - woohoo !! although the minging bread roll soaked in mayo and the late night were n't the best for taper week . ah well , it was a good game and we are now up to third in the table ! EMO_HAPPY
POS eleanor - i thought about a tutu as well - good plan to get encouragement . we have the same rw support group 6 at mudchute .
NEU i have no hair . EMO_HAPPY
POS sub i 'm meeting hilly at the elite ladies start about 8:45 am tomorrow , then yomping down maze hill towards 6 -7 mile point . i will e-mail my phone no . to you .
POS morning all . just spent the last 10 mins catching up with everyones posts/reports . congrats and well done to everyone ! in reality it was that hot that it was an achievement just to finish ! well that has to be the toughest thing i have ever done . i expected the last 6 miles to be tough but that was something else ! finished in 3.18.58 . am absolutely chuffed to bit and still have n't stoped smiling ! think i slept about 2 hours last night , i 'm still buzzing ! annoyingly i think i made the last few miles so hard myself by going off too fast ! at 14 miles i was had averaged 7.17 min miles , including 5 around 7 mins . by 18 i had dropped the pace slighty to about 7.30 mins miles and was still well on for sub 3.15 -LRB- about 3.13 ish -RRB- if i could have kept that pace up . but from 20 onwards it seemed like someone had tied bricks round my ankles and i dropped to 7.50 's and by 24 8.10 's . managed to run a sub 8 in the last mile but the heat and my quick start had finished me . think if it had n't been for the crowd i would have pulled over and collapsed in the gutter , but had a lot of friends placed over the last few miles that really kept me going ! anyway am really pleased and honestly think i have got sub 3.15 in me . just have to learn from my mistakes and hope its cooler next time !
POS yes thanks rio for all your help along the way it has been much appreciated ! . yeah i 'm the same as you sarah , i think it might be the start of a beautiful friendship with running haha !
POS i 'm a size 8 , so could go camping in it . it 's now displayed in the loo for all to admire - especially me ...
NEU morning ... i have no intention of running until the bank holiday weekend . but i am on the verge of entering the needles xc half on 3 june ... any takers ?
NEG alex should i have a e-mail from you did not recieve anything micktherunner . com
NEU who 's that lurking there in the shadows . oh hello mick , how 's phil these days . got any races planned ? have you had a look at the petition ?? hippo - do n't you think it 's about time you gave that body of yours a rest . when 's your next race planned . i know you have to have a run every day , but you need some time to recover . you 'll end up burning yourself out . ca n't keep up that pace forever you know . now behave yourself and have another drink . hic not too heavy on the tonic though , you know what it does to you .
NEU thanks bowi just a bit too far away for me to come and train with you sometimes . not an excuse a reason . .
NEU -LRB- -LRB- roobs -RRB- -RRB- hope the pain eases soon and/or you get a cancellation . luckily a lot of the cutty sark artifacts , masts etc. had been removed for refurbishment , so were n't there - does n't look to be all that much left , that 's for sure . -LRB- -LRB- kp 's nose -RRB- -RRB- .
NEU afternoon . roobs , i decided yesterday not to do today race as my left leg ached . shades . well done on your marathon . -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- roobs -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . sorry to hear that you are poorly .
POS corredor - great pb , but just a word of warning - advice from one of my club coaches : better to improve on your pb by 5 seconds each race than take a huge chunk off and then have to beat that next time . on a more positive note -LRB- unless you 've been running for years ... -RRB- , i also read that whatever age you start running/racing , you will improve on your times for c. 10 years before you plateau , so go for it .
NEU i really dont know if they will be worth looking at ! lol . but the new trisuit i have looks ok so i wont be shy for the cameras ! laugh out loud
NEU morning all , very hungover , or in fact maybe still drunk . had good night out in wimbledon where met up with a group from work who were out for a leaving do - girl who works in our gym moving to pastures new . ended up in nightclub . no idea what time we got home ? have got blisters and kitchen is bomb site after late night peanut-butter toast making . . no running for me today . hope things are ok for your guys `` up norff '' ? i am referring to the flooding . mean wendy & tutu as opposed to susan who although is north of the river and virtually foreign climes , i do n't think had weather issues .
NEU padams - i 've just been sent the results from last night . the overall standings -LRB- after 3 races -RRB- make interesting reading . pos overall score points . 1 garden city runners 850 36 . 2 st albans striders 1517 28 . 3 barnet & district 1593 26 . 4 royston runners 2187 15 . 5 nhrr 2119 14 . 6 bishops stortford 3060 7 . you will need to put a good team out for your home event next week if you do n't want barnet to take second place from you -LRB- they came within 60 points of beating us last night -RRB- . it 's also going to be close to see who out of royston and nhrr will be relegated . the person who won is down in the results as having a double-barrelled surname . good luck to those of you having a punt this afternoon .
NEU tunbridge wells and tonbridge are 4 miles apart . i grew up tw but now live in tonbridge . the tour de france is going through both . didds lives in neither . he works in tw but lives in bex hill which along the coast from hastings . didds are you going to watch out goudhurst way ?
POS well done katie , vrap and girlfriend on your awesome efforts . vrap - i think you are being too modest . a pb after that sort of exertion is phenomenal . fast times too for lorenzo and tt . mtr - you will soon be back on form and will fly in your ds trainers . are you planning to alternate them with a different shoe ? . rfj and smiffie - thoughts are with and do n't rush back . it 's not fun . i seem to be in an increasing amount of pain and am ccoming to the conclusion that i might have to stop running again . i was given the number of a good physio but luck would have it that she is off on holiday for 3 weeks . i had quite a long telephone conversation wit her and she thinks i now have a secondary injury -LRB- possibly pf -RRB- caused by adjusting to compensate for original injury . i will carry on running as long as the pain gets no worse but i 'm not looking forward to my hm tomorrow.finishing that will be harder than any race i have ever done . no pbs for me in the near future !
NEU hey pug . sorry to hear about the injury . best advice from me is put all your renowned focus oin to getting it right - do whatever the fizz / sports therapist says - treat the ice / stretch / mobility exercises or whatever as if they are key parts of your training program . then , see how it goes , maybe you could refocus on luton -LRB- 1st weekend in december -RRB- as tipptop suggests , or come down to la rochelle the weekend before with me . even if you do n't get a champs start for london , you will still have a pen 1 green start , and i 'm sure you would n't let a couple of eastenders actresses get in your way ! blisters . judging by the state of worcester city centre today , you 're not wrong about what 'll be with you sunday and monday . - never seen the river so high , and its going to take a while to receed because no matter where you go there are great expanses of water linked to the smallest of streams as the underlying water table has risen so much . managed to find a 7 mile dryish route this evening - would have been a slightly more achilles friendly 6 , but i got stuck on the tow path for a while with canal on one side and flooded road on the other - thankfully it had stopped raining by that point , otherwise i might have been a tad worried !
POS caro - the smell of the fish n chips is the same as the smell of a bacon buttie - irresistable ! you 'll be up for it !
NEU welcome back tr . good running dana . good racing jej . will have to give video clip a miss due to dial-up connection at home and very effective security at work . which leaves me with today 's 10k attempt . the fred consensus earlier in the week was that my endurance is good , my speed is not . oh boy , that was the case today . i could list some excuses -LRB- missed a week after dorney , only one speed session since , and that was on tuesday , high mileage for me since , etc. -RRB- but the truth is is was just a bad day at the office . a very bad day at the office . legs felt a bit heavy in my warm-up but the first k was done in 3.48 and i thought things would be alright . but from then on in my legs got heavier and heavier . it 's a fast-ish course , but not pancake flat . i finished in a miserable 40.53 . not a pw -LRB- principally because my first ever race was a 10k and i 've tended to do 10ks at the start of training blocks , untapered -RRB- but not what i wanted . will probably write it off as 6 miles @ hmp as frankly that 's all it was . ho hum . will console myself with a recovery run this evening so that at least the mileage total for the week does n't get wreaked to boot .
NEU probably 11/2 inches wide pinks
NEU well done tracey & roobs on your long runs . lyndy - i get up most mornings at 4.30 to 4.45 to go training , but for my long runs i do go out a bit later as i like to have my brekkie first . morning is the best time of day to run . i hate running at night , have to go out tonight for a short run before going to the gym as i 'm a bit behind on this week 's mileage , it 's 28 degrees down here in devon today
POS evening all . loads of posts to catch up with . tr - one of my favourite subjects that - the grandparent rule in football . always made me laugh that at the same time as ireland were getting grief over using it , england had butcher -LRB- born in singapore -RRB- , barnes -LRB- born in jamaica -RRB- and dorigo -LRB- born in australia -RRB- playing for them ... i always maintained that the rule made sense though as emigration was becoming much more common . the rugby one is a joke though , live somewhere for 2 years and you can play for them . we played italy last year , and they substituted a springbok for an argie . i thought we were playing an allstar xv . sorry to hear the knee is playing up btw . fingers crossed it 'll clear up in time for nf . jej - i do n't see any reason why you ca n't be down at that level yourself in time . might take a bit more mileage though . that 's obscene to be able to do that pace off so little mileage . fair play to him . i 've got a rest day tomorrow , tf . made it through yet another mad week of training with just a slightly tight left quad to show for it . i think that 's a decent return ;--RRB- total for the week was 120 -LRB- off 6 days , with some good quality in there -RRB- . counting back 7 days i 've done 128.25 so dull , i 'm afraid your pb is mine ! ;--RRB- -RRB- could n't do it on a regular basis though . only 1 more week of this to go , and i have to say i 'm glad . i think it 's the mental side i find harder than the physical side . still , what does n't kill you ... .
NEU roobs . listen out between 1pm and 2pm .
POS mornin all . had a really good club run last night , a hilly 7 miles . for the last few weeks i 've got back to the club feeling like a complete wreck , as i 've linked in with a group of runners who are a bit faster than me , and several times around the course i 've been puffing and panting so hard and thinking ... . . i ca n't do this ... ... i ca n't do this , but just about hanging on in there . anyway last night , i got back feeling ok ... in fact as high as a kite as i kept up , with only feeling the ` omegod i ca n't do this ' once , and that was up a long hill , but did it . strange how your body -LRB- or my body anyway -RRB- seems to struggle along at the same pace for so long , then suddenly feels better one night for no apparent reason . just hope it stays . probably the tough speed session last week helped ? will rest achilees now 'till club run -LRB- about 5-6 miles -RRB- on friday , then try and get round 13.5-14 mile course on sunday , in last sundays time of around 1.53 ish . not bothered if i do n't , but nice to have something to aim at . good luck to all those of you in races this weekend .
POS crikey - so much positive stuff on this thread . well done all you racers , good to switch on the laptop read through the weekends postings . our house resembled emergency ward 10 this weekend with both small children badly ; one recovering from an op and beginning to milk it somewhat -LRB- he is male -RRB- the other -LRB- female -RRB- quietly ill on the sofa with some kid-like lurgy . managed to run never the less . 6.5 ish easy miles on saturday -LRB- no gadgets at all so no pressure , which i prefer for this type of run -RRB- 12 miles this afternoon , kept up a decent pace in view of the fact i was n't going mega long and averaged 8.25 mm on an undulating route . did what i always do and started slow -LRB- 9mm , 8.40-8 .45 s -RRB- then picked up the pace as the run went on to 8-8 .15 mm . the last 3 miles of this route are pretty much all climb so it 's tough to pick but the pace further but useful training i feel . good running all .
NEU what 's more -LRB- i 'm sorry if i sound a bit full of myself -RRB- but whilst checking the edinburgh marathon website i noticed the age qulification based on half-marathons is 1:35:00 which is only 2 min 30 secs faster than my pb . does anyone know of a flat half near london in the next two months !
POS dan a - only a couple of miles from me . it would be nice to recoup the cost of my new apartment in prize money , but i guess i 'd have to win the flm for that . any good team prizes - i can think of 3 other local 29 - 32min guys ... ?
NEU hrr - feel sure you could gfa at edin . have you found any suitable looking halves yet ? what about leicester ? entries shut on weds this week but they 're saying that , because there are some postal strikes , it 's best to enter online . there 's a course profile - does n't look too bad except at mile 8 but i 'm not sure if it 's a hill or just a slight incline . i 'm not v. good at judging things , altitude-wise . . leicester marathon site .
NEU nickm ... you can keep the congratulations at the back of the cupboard and get them out another time ... i have re read the post and i now see what you mean ... i wondered why you were devestated : -0 ... still a nice run though ...
POS about 5 times laugh out loud
NEU afternoon all , . done my last pre-leicester run yesterday a slow 3.8 miles in 33-18 , if i could run at that pace for another 22miles i would be very pleased -LRB- approx 3-49 marathon -RRB- i wish . . chest still feels a little tight and i have a niggly cough but should be ok but i know i have not done enough long runs , none over 18miles . ozy weather sounds good for sunday , sounds like you are getting better , hope to see you at the start . beders , a hatrick your totp mojo is back hope the running is going well .
NEU ode i 'll mail you tonight mate , cheers as will be ordering these lights asap . omfg , i 'm now 10th in the marathon alltime list . . this is n't good . . literally holding on by my fingernails is n't nice . . about to drop into the abyss . right , where 's a local marathon EMO_HAPPY . pug EMO_HAPPY
NEG if you bequeathed and do n't get a place , when do you know that you 've been unsuccessful ?
POS have a good break , debstir , and come back rested and refreshed to start your training ! beachy is next saturday .
NEG bah , stupid halifax ! nothing at all there , of any description . do n't despair people - there 's always tomorrow ! ed - go to bed !
POS ` those socks ' obviously referring to these beauties . but would other people wear them if they thought they would help to win races ?
NEU caro i understand completely . it will go , honest . but you really do need to take it easy til that cold clears . a couple of years ago i had a runner with one of my groups who had a cold . she ran with me and we did speed reps. she ended up with double pneumonia ! so be warned . rest and lots of warm fluids is best . when they say feed a cold i think they mean just to ensure you have plenty of vitamins and minerals etc -LRB- from the days when people had really bad diets -RRB- so lots of vitamin c and do as much -LRB- or little -RRB- as you feel up to .
POS the dangerous book for boys is a superb read ! i got one for my birthday , loads of handy things in there including how to win at conkers and how to build the ultimate treehouse .
NEU coxy . i can see there buildings from my window . what have i done , ive just entered the benfleet 15 on 27th january multi terrain . and iam a bit of a woosie in muddy conditions . oh well chin dtb you will be on the mend soon iam sure .
POS looking at the route , i like the idea of the later stages on day 1 in epping forest and the north downs way sections on day 2 . not too long , and quite hilly .
NEU richard , are the programs available online somewhere ?
POS hi all , went out for a short run on the track . lots of wind and rain managed to run at a comfortable pace . this gives me confidence to try and achieve 35 min or there abouts in the 5 mile race on sunday . it will be a pb what ever happens as i have never done a 5 mile race before . 4.3 miles .11 m/m = 30m57s ave hr 164-82 % max hr 186 max speed 12.6 mph .
NEU dl . 2 weeks is n't so bad , and its good timing for family brownie points . get the swimming done instead .
POS just get out and run - you know the basics - build in rest days and work on building distance . try a run tomorrow to see where you are in terms of fitness .
POS have fun everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEU pug , i raced 3 times and did intervals between crimbo and new years day : -0 . jej , either you complimented me for my efforts or you are calling me slow for taking so long to do the miles : -0
NEU oh yes of course dave - they come in handy for wading through fields of horse poo and mud ! right . off for my 6-8 miles before my group tonight . got a beginner starting so be back to run/walk for a bit . happy training EMO_HAPPY
POS wardi i failed to run sub 1.30 at milton keyneshm 06 and shortly after ran a 3.01 pb at abingdon 06 . i would n't get too down about a performance in just one race . i remember talking to you post flm07 . my advice -LRB- for what it 's worth -RRB- is just keep working . i have run 4 pb 's in 2007 , having started road racing aged 46 . sadly none over the marathon distance , but i 'm convinced by the way i feel that i 'm still getting faster and stronger the more i train . i am lucky enough to sometimes chat to rivals . one of them told me they started aged 38 and reckoned they peaked at 52 . the guy is now 58 and considerably faster than me . keep on trucking . it 's a long road , but hopefully we will both get our over 50 sub 3 . best wishes . dull .
NEU the ocd got the better of the cnba , so i went out for the lunchtime reps session4 x -LRB- 5 min hard + 30 sec off + 1 min hard + 90 sec off -RRB- the last long rep was stopped halfway as the lead guy went over on his ankle - he was ok , so after a couple of minutes we finished with a fast 3 min . a tough session , esp when running into the wind . . like joolska , i do n't mind occasionally running for charity , but i do n't like assumption that the two go hand in hand by default . when mrsc and i got married in '06 we took the view that as we had being living together for the previous 11 yrs , already had 2 kids , mortgage etc we did n't want wedding presents so we asked people to sponsor us . our friends/family were very generous at the time , so i would n't want to ask people again .
POS good running martin ! does n't matter if runs are a little shorter than the schedule , would n't worry too much . back from my intervals , really enjoyed them yet again - yay ! did 7 x 800m fast with 2 min recoveries . still do n't do them spectacularly fast , think the fastest averaged 7.30 mm pace and the slowest was around 10 !! -LRB- v. steep hill though -RRB- . quick question re : hill-running . do you guys run hills on your toes ??? feels like such an amateur question to ask , but have only just noticed what a different it makes , it 's incredible !! however , right big toenail is black again and very weak , so not sure they like it so much .
NEG afternoon all . another outbreak of sensibility this end . had a carp night , kept waking up cos of the lurgy , so decided to forego the planned lsr and slept instead . no running til monday at the earliest this end now . still , at least i got 50 + in the bag . just a shame i missed out on the other planned 40 ... . sorry to see there 's other lurgified folks , but better now than 2-3 months time ! do n't know what 's going on with everybody being sensible . must be something in the water ! at this rate i reckon next week will be primarily slow mileage again , which will leave me with a 9 week build up and a 2 week taper . should be more than enough to get my tergat i think . gatorade - league ? km - i wear adidas supernova cushion too . have you found a replacement for them cos the new models are wider across the midfoot , or does that not affect you ? good luck to all weekend racers .
NEU hey gd , . just popped over from the other thread to say hi ! i too am trying to lose weight and do n't eat meat and a finding it tricky . does anyone have the link for nam & bear 's thread ? i ca n't seem to find it . hope you manage to fix your problem !
POS count your blessings , eh !
POS afternoon folks . nice to see your back trin.rich made me laugh the other week describing the ice baths you get him to take after any run over 15 miles.he says he keeps stopping at 14.99 miles !! EMO_HAPPY . he 's nearly convinced me its a good idea ... well done on surviving the river bank rollick rich . i 've never fancied it as every year the conditions seem to be appalling ! nice to see the monument route on your dream team page.welcome to hogweed country !! hope you all enjoy your long runs this weekend.at least it should be dry here in brizzle .
POS brave man blisters . be a warrior , it is your destiny . good luck
POS blisters top running , great effort . . the forum shows theres been some good training this weekend . i managed my first ever 18 mile run on sunday , tried to make it slow as recommended , but ran it in 2hr 17 mins -LRB- maybe a bit too fast for 1st time on longest ever run -RRB- . at the end felt tired and realising just how far 26 miles really is . . today i went for what was supposed to be a short slow run with a friend who is also running flm . unfortunately friend is very fast experienced runner -LRB- around 3hr for marathon -RRB- and i wanted to try and keep up . we did 9.3 mile cross country in 1hr 8min felt like nearly tempo pace due to wet boggy ground . i am going to take it slower for rest of week , but feel good -LRB- no aches or pains -RRB- .
NEU i have n't touched alcohol since the day i bought my first car 23 years ago , so it 's not an issue for me . kenyan hills tonight - 3 x 10 minutes with 2 minutes recovery between the sessions . averaged around 6:40 pace with the heartbeat average and max slowly climbing until the last few laps had a peak of 167 and an average of 166 ! safe to say i could n't have gone much harder . quite a satisfying session though , if only my shins were n't so sore afterwards . time for a soak in the bath i think .
NEU for me , sore knees means i need a new pair of trainers . how old are yours ? you might also want to look at ` shock absorbing ' inserts for you trainers - sorbothane inserts are what i use . try running offroad also . dave
NEU lardarse - haile only got to half way last year . be careful copying him ! gels and jelly babies seem identical in content , and i 've used both . for the race last year , i carried a couple of gels but did n't actually use them . the lucozade sport seemed to work fine for me . for training runs , i do n't bother with gels or any food . the idea on long slow runs is to train your body to burn fat and slowly deplete the available muscle glycogen , so i feel it counterproductive to fuel during the run . as for one jelly baby per mile - whatever works for you really . be aware that you will burn 100-150 calories each mile , so any food intake for fuel replacement will make a relatively small impact -LRB- unless you can consume 100 calories per mile , in which case you will struggle to force it down ! -RRB- . timing-wise , the earlier you consume the better . nothing you eat after 18 or so miles will make any difference , as it takes a fair amount of time to metabolise the gel / food . same principle for water - drink early before you are really thirsty , rather than playing catch-up with fluids later in the race .
POS hope you manage an extra few hours kip , tracey .
NEU yes , you do . but you 're allowed coz it is your thread EMO_HAPPY . good run rich . these long one are getting hard now are n't they .
NEG thing is , i did n't think you could post unless you were a subscriber .
POS thanks jools , will appreciate the support .
POS do n't worry doodle ! had a massage last night and seeing the physio tomorrow morning and have been icing all yesterday . unfortunately my knees have a tendency to do this marathon training or not . but it 's much better today . thanks EMO_HAPPY how are you fairing ? lucy i totally agree about the speedwork , it 's all about just getting round in one piece this time and working on speed after that !
NEU brian . run slower in the 20 so not to kill yourself . rb . patience . pp . good to see more common sense being used
NEG tootie really sorry to hear about your bath experience . i have to say that most of my own worst running experiences have come in really big races . i much prefer less congestion and fewer fat joggers in headphones , too many clothes , carrying 10 gels and 2 water bottles who stupidly line up in the sub-1 :30 pens getting in my way . less hanging about at the start when the fields are smaller too . . so well done on merely suriving that horrible experience . chin up lass !
NEG padams - must have been a small chap ... you better had over your prize before he gets angry
NEU hi everyone . ive had a couple of gym sessions this week , just taking it easy , well done on the 9mile run during the week caz i wish i could find the time and the energy . i 'm not running for any charity this time , i do the great north run every year and raise for diabetes uk , i know when i 'm on the start line i will feel guilty for not raising anything and you see the tshirts and charity tops but i just didnt want the hassle this time round . good luck with everyones fund raising efforts , i know how hard it can be . what day is everyone going to the expo , im going on saturday morning as im travelling down on the 6.00 am train from durham .
NEU gatton did you get out for your 10 miler today ?
NEU due to my lack of hair - i might tie the two tone ribbons round my neck and then when you are passing you can pull me along with you - a bit like i pull my aged dog with me when i run !! ;--RRB-
NEG oh dear , i just check the weather for paris - 4 and light snow , we will be giving out hot toddies along the way . i hope it is not that cold for us .
NEU what bej said but + about 5 seconds for 14.59 . i ended up 4th and was beaten into 3rd by a guy who cheated as he had n't run the extra distance ;--RRB- . one more decent session to go and i 'm hoping to be close to 100 % for it , if not , i 'm hoping to at least be 100 % for the big day !
NEG padams . not in great shape , but still waiting in the wings . . would be a real bummer if this late someone gets a knock/flu and there was no one trained up ready to step in . still such is the quality of the squad , though i think you 'd crack the record with just 11 . dull .
NEG i had a quick squint at the website and ca n't see any way of tracking participants -LRB- not that we know race numbers of phil , br , hilly , etc. . . -RRB- . right , must stop wasting time on t ` internet or i 'll never get out of the office in daylight !
NEU mister w ?????
NEU or a tray of chips and gravy .
POS < < < pops into thread to drop off bags of jelly babies for carbo loading > > >
NEG can even shout and sulk with myself too
NEU my computer
POS just completed my last run before sunday , 3.37 m @ 8:12 pace , that 's me done .
NEG i 'm not wearing them , have done no training in them and they are far too short for my trainers , someone told me they were onyl to raise awreness this year not for the money .
NEU marigold . nice one - this is who you 're looking for . did 3 or 4 miles after work and some strides . knee still aches but wtf , after 20m i bet everything else will hurt too .
POS timely xpost - thanks crab
NEU i would recommend waiting at least two weeks before signing up to any more marathons . i signed up to two just after flm 2006 - spent the year training for marathons . having said that i have also signed up for flm '09 but mostly to keep my rejection count up . if i get a place next year it will defo . be done as a fun run with some outfit or other - no ladies cloths or underwear though as i saw quite enough of that on sunday during the race .
POS i cant make friday but how about we all meet sometime and run along the embankment to westminster and then along birdcage walk and round to the finish line !!!! if we do it in the summer we could have a picnic and bubbly in the park afterwards ? EMO_HAPPY
POS i 've just heard about the easy easy ... wish i could of seen that !!! if any one has that on video please put on a link . . mick n phil please leave a post so we no how you to are feeling with the day !!! ;--RRB-
POS hi folks , . bit nervous about posting in here amongst proper serious runners but i am looking for a little advice and perspective , if possible ? long story short is that i began running in late summer 2005 and completed the dublin marathon in oct 05 in 4:23 . since then i have finished a further 6 in progressivly faster times until i hit 3:15:06 in rotterdam at the weekend . i 've also done a couple of 10k races as ` sharpeners ' , the most recent of which was ~ 600m short and i finsihed in a race time of 37:5 x , so i figure it would have been ~ 40min mark for the full race distance . training stayed pretty static at 30ish miles until the last marathon where i upped it to around 35 - 45 miles per week on average and brought in speed work for the first time . having finsihed rotterdam feeling fairly strong -LRB- last three miles were all under 7:06 min/mile pace -RRB- i have this mad idea that i couldgo a bit faster . current plan is to focus on a 10k race at the end of june -LRB- i 've never focussed on a 10k before and it 'll be interesting to see how fast i can go -RRB- and then a marathon in oct. but i have this mad idea that - with proper speedwork and more miles - i might get close to teh magic 3 . am i being delusional ?
POS bootsie - abingdon is a nice marathon . it was my first marathon .
NEG i 've never been to a medium . it was as much as i could do to drop below extra large .
NEG ff . do n't they ask for your competition licence number to get the affiliated discount ? all races from 1 april this year are meant to do that ...
POS yes , there are some places that are reserved just for people who bequeath their entry fee .
NEU i got through to the thank you page on the flm site but have not had any confirmation emails and am in limbo
NEU well not too hopeful trig as i 've done flm twice , so doubt i 'll be lucky again lol . even if i was in , unlikely you 'd get to cane me , you 'd have to catch me first laugh out loud ;--RRB-
POS i 'm doing bristol plodding bod . its a great race - see you there . i 'm feeling better after a bottle of wine -LRB- hic -RRB- . no money but 2 bottles of champagne already in the fridge so the weekend ca n't be too bad :-p
NEG broke my treadmill last night . started smelling like a bonfire and would not change gradient . thought best to get off . anyone know any contacts that can fix ` tunturi ' treadmills ?
POS hi susan , yes the team runners do run with the full mara - you can only identify them by their freshness and their numbers EMO_HAPPY
POS no i did not laugh out loud i just do not know what happened there ???? i know i will be beaming all the way home tomorrow ! not bothered i have to stop at schiphol airport 3 hours i will just sit with a glass of wine and watch the world go round EMO_HAPPY . i am not sure i can go any lower !!! i said it was my last but we always say that . thanks for all the support everyone ! i am so pleased i came back on the thread . i only left last year as was so low after london and lost lots of confidence now i have found it again !
NEU well that 's it for me - the last , slow , sluggish 4 miles of training complete at lunchtime so it 's time to put me feet up and eat , eat , eat . i can do no more , what will be will be , etc. setting off at lunchtime tomorrow - it 's a different country after all , so must take ages to get to . rb - wo n't be joining you for the meal , but are you still looking to tootle down to the start from haymarket on sunday morning ? i 'll have the family with me so i 'll be going at pushchair pace , but let me know if you want someone to wander down with .
NEG good luck with your training plans susie and tootie . ca n't advise dids on a new garmin . i have been leading an economist 's awayday in birmingham for 2 days , which was very successful i think . and before that i was at my sister 's 4th wedding celebrations in colchester . but i need a new knee . i went for a run on sunday morning , despite the ache in my knee . got to 6.7 miles and i had to stop and walk the remaining 3 miles home as i could n't bend my right knee any more - it was agony . since then i have been icing it and taking nurofen and walking backwards downstairs . the pain has reduced , but i jogged 1.5 miles while coaching last night , and it 's not good enough to run on yet . very fed up . . off to bristol shortly .
POS another quality mileage week from tt - just looking at your target hm time compared to last year shows it 's obviously working well for you . 19 miles for me tonight , pity only 1 of them was running but good to do a bit anyway . my 9 min mile this evening was slightly more comfortable than fridays so at least i know i 'm not making it worse with my 1 mile jogs . average speed for the bike ride was 18.1 mph with a cadence average of 91.6 so a nice improvement on the same route as friday . starting to really enjoy this cycling malarky .
NEU matilda frances frith arrived at 0056 today after 29 hrs in labour , with3 1/2 pushing at the end . can only be described as brutal , i feel like i have done 10 rounds in the ring with mike tyson . however , of course she is gorgeous , but if there are ever to be anymore , it 's epidural all the way ! 3.1 kg -LRB- 6lb 13oz -RRB- so dave wins the wt , my dad won the date - was n't a fix i promise ! have n't slept really since mon morning so off to bed for me , until someone needs boobage . thanks for thinking of me , will post pics soon .
POS i go away for a week , and it takes hours to catch up . actually i 'm still away , but whiled away an hour while it was raining in sw france to log on via the wonders of a mini-laptop and campsite wi-fi . loads of congrats to the sub-35 cew at yateley -LRB- gobi , jap , tt & jock -RRB- , belated congrats to jools for her win , and to pug for racing again , plus marders , bej and others , especially wtgy who was dead unlucky to miss out on a sub-37 . nice to see crab , pug , brian and njord all making an appearance as well . training in france is going ok . it 's a brilliant area for running with miles of tarmac bike paths through the forests and along the coast road . a bit hot and hilly in places , but that 's good . also being doing some decent beach running . the beach is about 100 miles long , so you can just run as long as you like and then head back . about 60 miles for the week , including 15 miles of barefoot beach running , plus lots of sea swimming , been trying to do about 600m per day , although when there 's a current , it 's impossible to go by distance - yesterday i swam for 10 minutes and moved 10 metres - today i swam about 1000m with less effort .
POS morning all , . great running cj . i took part in a friendly experiment this morning and ran 8 miles at 8 min mile pace with an avghr of 116 . . i can honestly say i found it hard to run so slowly .
NEU i 've stopped giggling , lyndy so you just ignore this ` orrible lot !! ;--RRB-
POS i love porridge - i would eat it every day with a bit of honey -LRB- and a spoon -RRB- - although , to be truthful , i have n't actually eaten it since before london . bit dead on here today so may go a wonder and find some other poor sods to bother - the edinburgh lot are always very chatty .
POS cheers for the sock links/comments . my issues with them though is simply that they tend to stick in all the wrong places on me -LRB- same places with every pair i 've tried -RRB- . as a result i gave up wearing socks a few months back and feel better for it . the only slight niggle is the insoles on the streaks . may try glue them back and see if that does it . gobi - why braver ? for not wearing socks full stop or for not wearing them until it gets really cold ? not a bad tip there jools . i like that . 10m with a bit of pmp work thrown in at lunchtime . felt a bit rubbish at first -LRB- though hr was where it should be -RRB- , presumably from having a carp night 's sleep -LRB- jr is a little poorly at the moment so woke up a few times -RRB- , but loosened/woke up eventually . done my usual by looking for consistent splits on feel -LRB- with an occasional glance at the watch to confirm -RRB- and felt much better as it progressed . i even felt good enough to open up a bit for part of the last mile and have a bit of fun . warming up nicely here too . i was covered in goose bumps at the start , but it was quite nice by the time i finished ...
POS hmm , quiet today ! i 'm feeling better , and am just back from a bike ride . i still freak out riding a bike on the road with cars , but i 'll have to get used to it . love those trails , though ! thanks for all the support , guys ! EMO_HAPPY
POS eps , brid is not flat , but it 's not hilly either . gentle inclines , which makes it reasonably fast but more interesting . route takes you north thru bempton and out towards flamboro , then back via sewerby . nice run in thru the park and then on the front for the last mile or so . tt , nice stats
NEU tt/jools - good points , well presented . no more chips in the bath for me . gobi - no photos from the mk 1/2 at all , i did try !
NEG dave you are no use to me at all .
POS great time puffy - any news from dalya ? quite a story ll ! - sounds like a nice guy ... ... off to the shops to get some gravy . .
NEU sue c - never have i ever thought that the length of a recovery is too long ! you are even more of a masochist than me . sounds like a great session , i also can never cope with more than 5 reps.
POS send my love to brad while you 're with george , diana ! mr d and i have spent the day at a parentcraft session today - 9.30 til 2.30 so was a bit hard going ! lots to take in but got to see all the places where we 'll be when dumpling makes his/her appearance . . nowt else to report i 'm afraid . think i 've overdone it this week - feeling very , very tired so i might have a little snooze before dinner ! good luck to all racers tomorrow . look forward to hearing all of your race reports . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU rb , . i fancy a pair of those , i 've got a voucher for i think 12.5 % at ss , just on the back of a race number . but i 'm not likely to be going to nearest one for a while , and certainly not without mrs ! do you know if i can use the voucher for mail order , shall i just give local shop a call and see what they 'll do for me ? ta . -LRB- still ca n't get those feckin bold buttons to work -RRB-
POS huge thanks susan and chi for supporting my bid for fame !
NEU how to choose ? . going on the choices for the gnr super six , it seems to me that the criteria is to have a range of ages/ability/experience , which is fair enough that way there should be something in the resulting traing programmes and blogs to help everyone on their way . to be honest if i were a judge i 'd sort the entries into non-starters -LRB- basically those who have n't followed the rules - the main one being 250 words ! -RRB- and then have an idea of the categories i was after and sort the rest into those , see if there were any stand out winners or losers , if not chuck them in a hat and draw out a winner for each catagory . while there are a few entries that pull on the heart strings , most are hard to distinguish as being any more worthwhile than another -LRB- mine being one of those -RRB- . anyway as i see it my method of choosing is probably the only way i 'll win ! ;--RRB-
NEU hi i think are w , s could help me , when i was forty i did 2.57 , i would like to try do that again or better now that i , am fifty , my running club had two place , i tried to get one , but was unlucky again , so it could be a good birthday present , ten day , s late ... please EMO_HAPPY . . thanks . danny mclaughlin . .
NEU hi , my name is susan , nearly the dreaded 41 . my brief running history is as follows ... . dont blink or you 'll miss it ! . avoided running at school and afterwards , then i joined the fire service and learned to run with ladders and heavy pumps etc. scroll forward 10 years and i discovered that i enjoyed running -LSB- without ladders and fire kit ! -RSB- and did a 10k in about 52 minutes . scroll forward again to getting a promotion which entailed a 90 minute commute each day which effectively killed my free running time . now , working back near home and getting back into fitness . at the gym doing fitness classes a few times a week and running occasionally with my border collie pup . current goals - hubby has done 6 half marathons and i need to do a full one to beat him ! -LCB- not that he eveer mentions it - ha ! -RCB- plus i want to run off the stone + i have put on with commuting , deskjob and drinking wine ! i know i enjoy running once i get back into it . marathon goal - to get round in daylight hours and raise lots of money for the firefighters charity , the stroke association and my local hospital who looked after my dad so well . reasons for deserving this ... well , i am sure there will be more deserving than me and good luck to all of you but , on a serious note , my family has had a hard three years after my dad had a stroke and he has recently died . i have been involved with mum and dad making sure everything is ok with them and the pressure for those years has been tremendous , then my dad 's death and everything that goes with it , add onto that a very busy role at work , running a home , family , horse and small business too . . my blogs wo n't be boring but brace yourselves for tales of blood , blisters and snot !
POS not long now mr m
NEU dull - nice running at the xc . i was a no show , it became logistically difficult . . woke up with a sore throat , not a good sign .
POS hellooo EMO_HAPPY
NEG minni . you have me thinking now . have i put the wrong name down - if so sorry
NEU what is pmp ?
NEU sympathies , wotsit . would n't it be nice to know what brings on those terrible , energyless runs . and also - though rare for me - those days where it 's all effortless and you float along and you just feel like you can go faster and faster . if this is the end of week 4 , is n't there a 5m or 10k race scheduled for you , wotsit , this weekend ? i 'm doing the watford half , which the organisers pretend is undulating . last year i heard someone say at the bottom of yet another hill ` the last time i saw a hill this steep i had skis on ' . this year we might have weather fit for skiing - forecast temp -2 to +2 , chance of snow , winds 17mph . lovely .
NEU dd does your knee cause you a lot of pain ? i have finally just bought my own tens machine rather than borrowing my mother 's and it is a great help . it 'll keep me going til after flm anyway then i can have it all opened up .
NEG an hour in the pool this morning . took 15 mins to clear the snow off the car !
NEG various niggles seem to have got worse over the last couple of days , particularly an achilles problem i 've had for two weeks since watford hm , seemingly worsened by the long run in deep snow last weekend . so had a rest day yesterday and will take it easy now until bramley . . i 'm going to stick with my 6:15 , 6:00 , 5:45 , 5:45 plan for now but may well change my mind and go for something slower depending how i feel in the first couple of miles . . bramley . bej - 1:55 - odd . edb - 1:58:45 . padams - 1:58 . tipptop - 1:59:59 .
NEU chips EMO_HAPPY
POS good stuff sue c those 2 mile reps definitely the worst of the faster running . good running too joe hawk - i am also on the rw schedule but have to say struggling a bit this week - blame overdoing hills on tuesday but 11 miles last night was hardest for weeks . and still have 8 at mp and my first 20 to do . . tr , i 'm doing christchurch but taking 10 mile option . what pace are you going to run ?
NEU welcome carlo , sorry can not offer advice on shoes other than try another running shop and see what they recomend . ian , forgot to say , i am running the essex 20 as well , i will be running in a southend athletics vest -LRB- short woman with dark hair , spanish looking -RRB- , say hello if you see me .
NEG minni , i 'm the opposite . this morning i was perfectly happy out on the roads on my own , but once i got into the woods i started to get antsy -LRB- possibly because they back onto a fairly dodgy estate though -RRB- . i imagine murderers , rapists and savage dogs around every corner . in fact the dogs are not imagined .
POS m diddy - thats a great 20 miler , well done . went and did the 5 x 1200 session that astride challenged me to , and despite feeling a bit peaky today and yesterday , it went well . after a 2.3 m w/u @ 7:13 , the reps went 4:33 , 4:28 , 4:26 , 4:25 & 4:26 , then 2.3 home @ 7:12 . . i 've lost 6lbs since friday . that ca n't be good , can it ? mind you , i felt quite sprightly and nippy today , so maybe the old body is adapting to the constant instructions being given it ?
NEU lots of aspirations go out the window ! i have had a week off here and there in previous run-ups and been fine . if you have not done a mara before sub 4 is the big goal . took me 6 goes to get it !
POS i 'm starting off gently with a little 30miler then next year i am hoping to do the moonlight challenge and the 50 mile challenge . hmmmm may have to do that race . are you doing harvel benyo ? tea is made , got some yoghurts today as well
POS by the way on the subject of awards -LRB- few pages back -RRB- i popped into work the other day with little coxy pip and was very suspicious when the management team appeared down in the coffee lounge where i was catching up with a friend and started gathering round us . turned out was to present me with an award for outstanding contribution ! not bad eh whilst on maternity . turns out was for something i did just before going off to have the little one . very chuffed ! EMO_HAPPY . umbongo - i hope your chest is ok ? take it easy on your next run . what marathon are you signed up for this spring ?
NEU afternoon hairy . . trust you to smell the cake !
NEU lee - look here for buffs . and woo-hoo for the not-no-running physio ! hope the strapped up knee holds out . glad buffs are good for snot , i always have to carry tissue on long runs because i am an avid producer of snot .
NEU any more banana jokes and i 'll skin you alive EMO_HAPPY . -LRB- have n't read back , so if that 's been done - tough ! -RRB- . oh , and good evening , group 7 .
NEU thats good that 9mm feels easy . i remember doing a 12 mile mp run 2 weeks before my last marathon , i wouldnt have described it as easy , not hard either though , somewhere between if that makes sense . on race day i ended up averaging that pace so the fact that it felt easy is a very good sign . just run 2 miles to and from the gym to do 30 mins at the gym . legs could tell they had done something hard yesterday and hr was way higher than normal . am not going to running club tommorrow night , instead i will do some very slow miles on my own
POS nice one wardi - it was probably ode
NEG limper -LRB- or is it supreme limper -RRB- it is on its way -LRB- blowing clouds chichester direction EMO_HAPPY -RRB-
NEG oh poo . . yes macs do that sometimes . .
POS hello ady !
POS thanks nam ...
NEU limper wrote . being treated badly does make you a bit suspiscious of fellas though does n't it ? i got a weeny bit chatted up in the pub last week - all i could think was ` if you 're about my age , where 's you wife and what lies have you told her ' . very negative and sweeping view i know , but i am more than a little sore still . bear - do you remember the ice lolly at the top of cocking hill during vrap 's trail walk a few years back ? i 'm not such a bad old stick really am i ?! '' . i do indeed ! i 'd forgotten that was you though EMO_HAPPY . the making you suspicious cuts both ways .
POS or a 5ft yellow banana with your name written on it in big letters . it was a godsend last year .
POS yes gm everyone did smile ... EMO_HAPPY . rio about 11 / 12 o'clock
NEU sue , i really felt for you . your head did n't seem to be in the right place when i saw you . i 'm glad to hear that you stuck with it . you still ran a very good time . do n't forget you 've been ill and the heat would n't have helped . are you still doing edinburgh ? remember i missed my super six target at the gnr but smashed it 3 weeks later . i really enjoyed most of my first marathon . will write a report when i 'm back home tomorrow night . i 'm in agony now though . quads are screaming , nasty blisters and i 've done something to my left knee EMO_HAPPY
POS yep - plenty of jokes yesterday at mudchute about the race numbers having virgin on instead of flora , things like ` ooh i have n't had a virgin on my chest for a while ' and stuff like that !
POS fantastic captain - well done ... and to you too agt - cracking + attitude ! i looked for cg at the start but the fgfa was a bit of a free for all . i lined up with two clubmates and they were ` supposedly ' in different pens having different numbers to me ... the toilet at teh fgfa made me laugh ... the geordie comic stating that it was def not a wet race as i was lined up with 30 or 40 blokes all p & pound ; ssing up against a tarpaulin sheet ... the organisation was spot on but one query ... for those on red . did anyone else think the first two mile markers were a little out ? i was desp to keep hand brake on and sailed past mile 1 in 6.14 ?? and then at mile two i got taken by the rw 7.00 mm train steaming past on the pavement and that was at 13.30 - ok 6.45 mm for them to get settled but they really stormed past in a hurry . once red and blue mixed i pulled the reins and put less coal in the bucket . not been able to log on to vflm yet ... are there details for the gfa process ?
NEG not having any luck at all . ca n't even get onto the contact us page . lots of sweary words . they need to come up with a better way of entering the ballot .
POS if you have any adidas outlet stores by you - they sometimes sell race kit off cheap aaages after the event .
POS sub 3:30 or bust ... you set up this inspirational forum and have to say -LRB- as a fellow spurs fan-well i 'm guessing from the cockrell !! -RRB- if you were up to 50 miles in may last year its there and depending on whereabouts in scotland you might have quite a bit of running potential in them parts !! thanks for getting this going as it helped spur me on -LRB- really no pun intended there ! -RRB- with the others who joined in . a sub 4 is well within reach ... as i know someone who only got back into running this year to finish in 4.30 and she had done nothing for years !! so its possible . good luck .
NEU edinburgh . tipptop . berlin . coro . peahead . marmite . eden project . stuart little . leicester . odeon . abingdon . rwh . hilly . br . njord . dublin . tipptop . need to return to abingdon to pick up the pieces of my hamstring that i left somewhere around mile 24 . great reports guys and gals . plenty of mental and physical pain shown out there on sunday - which is what it is all about , is n't it ?
POS tr - got the sportive in the diary , should be good .
POS well i nearly had 2 weeks off ... went for a 5 miler and how slow was i. ... i think i could walk faster than this pre marathon , how can you lose so much fitness in 2 weeks , it is scary ... i am just gon na take it easy with 3-5 mile runs for the next few weeks with no consecutive days and no speedwork until seen physio - got my letter today , only been 2 days - who said nhs is slow . however on a positive note , i have entered the silverstone half again next year - with my dad . he does not run but has set it as his goal . he has a few stone to lose and had a heart bypass several years ago and a heart attack , but was so inspired by me completing the marathon that he is giving this a go - gon na start slowly with lots of walking and take it from there - that has got to be right up there with completing the marathon itself - to be able to influence somebody like that kind of leaves me a bit choked ... i feel super super super proud . my sis is also gon na start in the next few days - so a right family affair happening here . EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY . know what you mean about logging the food , i am trying not to add everything to favourites as that would speed the logging process and encourage me to eat more - not a good idea . ht do it do it , you know you want to . we will all support you along the way
NEG right , tmap , in that case i 'm never doing berlin - i was in hospital for over a week when i was 7 and it was n't an accident ...
POS glad that you 're back out there and enjoying it gatton ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU yes 2old - the faster gfa runners have their own area at the front of the red start , the rest go from the green start behind the celebrities . you 're probably going to ask what constitutes a faster gfa time but i do n't know . all based on what happened this year , there 's no accounting for what may happen in the glorious new virgin world .
POS ? rt : the bigger the better ... if you know what i mean EMO_HAPPY
POS listening to the `` new age '' station on ?
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- drake and josh - the storm `` we will rock you ''
POS i didnt mean knee high i ment in lengt it goes down to my knees ^ - ^ and is so cute i love it !
POS i wana see the vid kyan
NEG if my mom went on for the love of ray j or any reality show i 'd bee pissed .
NEU ok so i just got a deal for my own show `` for the love of deez nuts '' go to vh1/deeznuts to apply ... r you here for deez nuts ???
POS welcome to twitter xx
POS oh yeah ... however , i 'd still like to be in the midst of it all though ... you know ...
NEU ca n't say i like the new facebook layout . but just posted pics from my super bowl week . EMO_HAPPY
POS i need a nice tea-drinking pic for our tea club membership page - anyone got one they 'd be happy for me to use ?
POS so twitpic it lol , i love home depot , love working w/my hands and building things , my dad was in construction
NEG it 's enough to make you sick , eh ? there 's nothing sacred anymore
POS hacienda is now level 80 time to get epic gear for her !!!! oh and maybe some sleep would be good . .
NEU dj k-city presents `` crank of america '' the mixtape . wan na be on it ? dm me . pls rt
NEG `` iran , with its unity and god 's grace , will punch the arrogance -LRB- west -RRB- 22nd of bahman -LRB- feb 11 -RRB- in a way that will leave them stunned , ''
POS wtf , where i come from noone likes metal and hardcore , like 5 of my mates max are fully into metal , it sucks , i love metalll EMO_HAPPY
NEU reasons why entrepreneurs to venture in nursing agencies | best ... : reasons why entrepreneur ...
NEG 4wordsonobamashand do n't say the n-word
NEG city watchdog in chaos as chief executive hector sants resigns just months before general election
POS rt : god it is a big news day today ! by popular demand , `` ah ! my goddess season 2 '' will be released in 3 2-disc sets : may , jul , sep. .
NEU wow my sis said she gona get a tramp stamp tat laugh out loud i told her it 's to late for that ha ha evil laugh
POS sold ! would love to be your crazyass big sis -- how could i say no ?! can not believe i broke or minimally battered my toe --
POS yes ; hope to release that feature next month
NEU phil collins - you ca n't hurry love
NEG i need money ! i need new car !!! jesus ... somebody please buy my old car : ddd
NEG in ny wif and the heavy hitter crew ... shout to for looking real gay in the camera ... lol ...
POS rt : i flip -LRB- in -RRB- love ! follow them to win a free flip camera ! rt please ! clothdiapers
NEG well damn ! renee still aint playin , is she ?! and neither is jack !!
NEG oh , geez , i 'd have a lot more songs that way .
NEU i will have some apple chicken sausage delivered to you .
NEG hahahah that was worded weird . i 'm reading while a candle is burning in my room
NEU you should follow me while you are at it you tickle my dick with you are comments
NEU rt : you can preview the exclusive tim burton 's alice boutique , opening 2/11 . it 's a curious collection !
NEU pretty much my g. . i need a banger . . get it to the bloggers . . lets do it .
NEU photo : chace crawford ? . oh man i can look at pictures of him all day but i have homework to get back to so ...
NEU commission ritual. : p.s. i want to make this perfectly clear : commission ritual will get your sites multiple fi . .
NEG on insurance and hospitals : i wonder if there is a connection between the hospital system overload and the format ...
NEG chilling textin -LRB- ? -RRB- ... to much info . . foreal you know its los ward yung squad bitch ...
NEU twitter background - reviews , news , and how to geeks : this is my twitter background for my personal twitter .
NEG your busy schedule might not leave you a lot of room today for ... more for scorpio
NEU rt : rt : check out - that 's a brandname
POS photo : -LRB- via fuckyeahkristinchenoweth -RRB- omgomgomgomg may 19th
NEU winter olympics : an add-on to the modern games
NEG heres a new idea , how about i get you a spoon so you can read my ass .
NEU equipped a gamma mittens . epicpetwars
POS rt : retweetthisif you want friendsthemovie via _ kudrow
NEU as for now nope . use xl for cheaper rate of prepaid and postpaid roaming
NEU it 's a bird ! it 's a plane ! it 's chris nolan ! he 'll mentor superman 3.0 and prep 3rd
NEG andy is rambling on c & c this morning - shutup and get on with it man
NEG lol , where are you ? i once forgot the car completely and left home without it .
NEU grow on twitter with tweet automator
NEG and yet they are a minority ... despite the election law being changed to skew things in aoun 's favor , they remain a minority
NEU count the sheeps and you can sleep EMO_HAPPY rt it 's time to sleep actually but i ca n't sleep . . hmmm i 'll try
POS the newest member of _________________ ! yehbuddy
POS hey adam , jpizzle1122 -LRB- the microwave dude on utube -RRB- seems to have a good live stream for mw2 , maybe ask for his help ?
POS little caesars large cheese or pepperoni - no limit - 2/10 for $ 3.99 :
NEG oh my goodness i 'm emo
NEG _ jee wait wait wait ... im confused ... are you there ?
POS rt : new arran malt competition just posted on : free bottle and chocolates
NEG emm , my lip is starting to hurt EMO_HAPPY
NEG finally off work . gon na go home and try to sleep whatever this is off so i can go to my other job . i hate to miss work
NEG ted travel off to rocky start thanks to wayward wallet . just made my flight , but horridly tense .
POS rt 50 + awesome twitter tips to become a pro via
POS i was thinking that i wan na make a cake party in my house : o ! laugh out loud
POS check it out ! in the middle of london ! so cool !
NEU this cares about internet marketing resources . kitti joined this as a marketer .
POS mountains , trees , and beautiful cotton-ish blue sky ! i will fly ! EMO_HAPPY
POS follow me ? please ... -LRB- : your great and it would make my day . btw , i wan na shampoo your hair ;d lmao . 3
NEU rt : rt last chance to meet in bangkok w / . tell your friends & increase the chance of winning together -
NEU lets trade mcnabb to the broncos and get brandon marshall . that team has potential ... not w / kyle orton at qb tho .
NEU rt : i hereby name all the kurt fans as the `` kurtsies . ''
NEU i thought about saying `` underwhelming '' instead of disappointing but one must maintain standards , even in the face of snowmageddon
POS hi there ! nice to see you back !
NEU topic '' ???? : iredadmin-pro-1 .1.0 '' in forum ????? by zhanghuangbin . iredmail
NEU quick tip : how to work with - face : -
POS rt : i ? new york !
NEU rt : the top 10 novels in modern library 's reader 's picks list include four by ayn rand and three by l. ron hubbard . america , you scare me .
NEU rt _ juknow you got ta make you are page private hun ... that 'll cut them down a lot <
POS my coffin has already been reshaped as it 's going with me !!!
NEU rt : selected opensocial ning apps are now available on github , via apache 2.0 license :
POS i went to hot power yoga and i loved it . much better than bikram to me . power good . hot good . sweat good . what 's not to love ? stinky
NEG lol , well i considered posting something normal , but since when have i been normal .
NEU google traffic pump pro system. : how to get targeted leads and massive traffic to any website in 15 minutes or less !
NEU rt welcome ! we have 4 inches in new albany and still coming down .
NEG it saddens my heart 2 c women with black eyes ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU ? aaaaaaah , e aparece a no clipe : b * - * -LRB- live on
NEG i cant feel my feet . . that cant be good . .
NEU rt : ?????????????? rt _ tw : ???????????? rt ????? xperia ????????????? 30 ??
POS i hope so dude hahaha < 3 . so , which subject do you have right now ? xx
NEG he 's been ranting about this for years rt finally blogged `` business is conducted by people , not users ''
NEU questions galore in my heart i try to sleep . a little hurt , a little lonely , a little confused , a little in love , a little smooth , a li'l rough
POS rt _ 493 : happy birthday to carole king b. 1942 , carmen miranda 1909 ,
NEU EMO_HAPPY rt : keith hernandez and daniel murphy already have begun working out together in port st. lucie . mets
POS going to get jubby 's valentines day gift with some assistance from lee and shane :-RRB- finally got my car registered :-RRB- work monday-friday 12-4 ?
NEG about to spend the next couple of hours of my life working for the man
NEG rt : i should of threw my self on the floor and screamed -LRB- bro you would be gettin a fat check if you had done dat -RRB-
POS need to find a red all lace see thru dress -LRB- like my black one -RRB- for my friend brian goins red & & black birthday party this weekend ; ; his gift !
POS well deserved . seems emblematic of a new bbc confidence unashamedly to produce docs that are pitched at more advanced level .
NEG yea , that 's y i 'm not supposed to use it , they wan na attribute all the results to the mouthwash , without chewing gum to help it .
NEU rt : the helping haiti charity single for `` everybody hurts '' is available for download at
NEG _ son how dare you i am now * your darklordwaffle pimp now hoe work that corner * pimp slaps *
NEU well on the bright side if the conservatives win the general elections the scots can stop leeching from the english purse !
POS learning about water heaters - ah the joys of home ownership - and still being single : -RRB-
NEU personal branding is all about how you execute the brand | jupdi blogs : like many people possibly think , personal ...
NEU - makeupkase
POS 2 cans of full fat coke and im bouncing round the place .
NEU my business is free to join and makes me $ 12000 a month
NEU rt : and so the rain begins here in studio city ...
NEU turns out i got the dates mixed up . . match is tomorrow so off to bed peeps ... c ya all at 4 ... gnite n sweet dreams
NEG porn !?! shit wont be e z my g ! trust me i tried ! rt i think i know what i am giving up for lent ... it won ' ...
NEU `` i wan na be the minority , i dont need your authority , down with the moral majority ''
POS i 'm so super duper excitied right now cuz ' i 'm gon na watch harry potter !
POS hey ! going to see you in dundrum on friday :-RRB- i was talking to you are mam -LRB- my teacher -RRB- today :-RRB- no schol because im going to you : -RRB- x
NEU every body check out yung purp on myspace @ rod-kush and yung purp muzik page hit single `` put me in ya research ''
NEU leadership and learning are indispensable to each other . - john f. kennedy
NEU -LSB- blognetnewshr -RSB- bearing drift : randy forbes : name that salary cut : number of comments : 1congressman randy forbes ...
POS rt : `` i lift my eyes up to you , to you whose throne is in heaven . '' ps . 123:1 ... EMO_HAPPY / / love it . and the maker of heaven & earth EMO_HAPPY
NEU youtube - state of the union - american idle
POS how to succeed in the age of going solo ? a great article for everyone to read in the wsj .
NEU hahah yayyy !! we miss you so much , even moby ! xp haha ya we have to find joe bahah :d
NEU rt ?! ???? 750 ???
POS what disneyworld commercial ? he 's the saints qb and is sooo cute EMO_HAPPY
NEG las year i was so stressed out i forgot i was my birthday . did n't figure it out til 730 that night . my bad .
NEU ah twitter . oh ive missed updating you from my phone . its all over now and dont worry . back in action !
NEU free guide : getting your law firm videos found on youtube
POS devote yourself to prayer , being watchful and thankful . very good verse & a great way 2 start a day ! have a fun day in pc !
NEG just back from a walk with the doggies . got caught in a hail storm - hailstones really sting when they 're lashing down on your face !
POS to better understand me laugh out loud - > rt i 'm going back to school @ doing a free 5 week automotive course ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU auto insert xml-feed in joomla ez-realty by chadutz : means we need an rss-feed-reader component that auto inserts ...
POS and simon peter answered and said , thou art the christ , the son of the living god . matthew 16:16 jesus loves you
NEG bored with waiting for the ipad to come out so i 've made my own out of a journos pad and some spray mount
NEG so i have come to the conclusions that there 's bitches who dnt like me on here bt follow what the fuck i got ta say !
POS rock onrt : billzucker : i love _ old_man -LRB- cont -RRB-
POS rt who wants to laugh ?
NEG my clothes smell like weed , vomit and chicken . and i didnt smoke . nor vomit . and most unfortunately did n't eat chicken . nice -_-
NEG it took 2 hours rummaging through my receipt drawer only to learn i?d lost the receipt , isn?t there a better way ?
NEG conferences have never made me wish to have a child . ever . what are you drinking @ said cons ??
POS i favorited a youtube video -- zooey deschanel in weeds
NEU the tweep most like you is . others are and . full list at
NEG ugh ... if i have too much of the gogo juice i get a bad stomach ache
NEG urgh i 'm soo bored and tired . text . call , anything . hmm i must find things to multi task on now !
POS guayadeque - nice music player | ubuntu geek : music player with the aims to be intuitive , easy to use and fast eve ...
POS wahooooo ! the ho-ness has been a bit too thin on the ground today ! x
NEG headed to human resources class . now i know why michael hates toby so much .
NEU what do you call a fish with no eyes ?
NEU listening `` all these things that i 've done - the killers ''
NEU rt : getting access to health care for people with physical disabilities :
POS i love p2p but was worried about isps keeping my logs . with yourprivatevpn i do n't have to worry anymore .
NEU best of personal finance roundup : what you need to know about social security
NEU the starring of e of ? spindustry ? it creates special concerning the world of im exec pr ! sunday february 21 ...
POS bab girls club was funny ass shyt ca n't wait til the reuion shw
POS rt : do n't forget to watch the falloutnewvegas teaser & rt for a chance to win a signed fnv poster must be 18 +
NEG my moms a retard for reading my texts and thinking my most recent tweet was inapproprate
NEU playgirl print magazine cover to feature teenage dad of sarah palin 's grandson - the canadian press
NEU _ phenom
NEU rt _ tips : inflated tweet count fix should be ready by tomorrow !
NEU rt : super nanny takes on violent videogames : the childcare expert conclusively proves that playing shooters makes kids ...
NEU rt : i swearfolawd that betta be your navel and not your dick < and i swearfolawd the pussy better be better than the head ... lmao
NEU n'gog had a difficult game playing against vermalen and gallas . still think he is better as an impact sub than a starter
NEU woodstoves made easy at
NEG rt : retirement : do n't run out of money before you run out of time finances boomer retirement
NEG so i missed bgc again this wk ... can some tell me wht happened
NEG everyone says to give up on you , but they do n't see you like i do .
NEG yep , sumtimes beatings or spankings ultimately lead the child 2 b more rebellious ... not me tho , my momz hitz were effective lol .
NEG after these shows i 'm callin it a early nite , been up early and already gettin sleepy !!
NEU gamepocalypse ep .1 records tonight - send us your questions and vote on what sean will play next ! -
NEU oh , well the stadium of fire thing i was talking about is in utah ...
POS no beer for me today either . but i am enjoying the 2008 odonata grenache .
POS free : star bucks gift card
NEU atlanta nightclub vip tables and bottle service | my favorite sin
NEU o_o thefuck ?? rt _ easy pull out bruh rt : _ lady22 lol ! let me stop messin wit you before you get preg over twitter .
NEU landed in min on time . no turbulence , delays , or bickering so far . must find ac for puter to watch last mon 's `` 24 '' or my trip will be ruined
NEU _ bear44 wait . `` goodnight sweet dreams '' does n't mean just friends ? and sorry bout the ` tide . i did n't feel so well
POS rt _ grammer : so google buzz is a hot topic look at the offical google -LSB- video -RSB- - and you will love it go google
POS guess whats driving on the way to my house EMO_HAPPY
POS and verizon to reduce the fees they charge for their airtime , and now if they 're successful w/their high speed effort , they 'll create the
POS i got one more song to finish EMO_HAPPY then i will send it
NEU rt : rt +1 : this needs an awareness
NEG rt sorry i 've been quiet on the tweetside , i 'm just really into right now -LRB- << its addictive .
NEG just watched 10 minutes of house of payne cause i didnt want to get up and look for the remote .
POS having english class now , we 're doing profiles to ning.com , not so different from my freetime :d
POS hey thats a good news . what is the name of that film .
NEG i just fell asleep , at the most , three and a half hours ago . why the bitch am i awake ?
NEU nowplaying cyborg ? p-model in ipod app via
POS thanks again to ken for this rt @ now on fred : _ no_show interview w / james cameron , emperor of everything ...
NEU espn names gators oc/asst head coach steve addazio national ncaa sports
NEU -LRB- 3 -RRB- adilitydeal.com coupons deals . | internet coupons and discounts : as a high school student working at a local pizza pub in jefferso ...
NEU a photo editor - ad agency guide to photography usage terms : as with photography , when negotiating with talent the ...
POS rt : i just entered the competition to win a samsung laptop . to enter , follow & rt
POS rt : cool photo spread and interview in wanted magazine . photos interview
NEU css modify web template by jamesallwood : hi . i have a css static template from templatemonster that i need some m. . .
POS today in history : 1971 satchel paige becomes 1st negro-league player elected to baseball hall of fame . -LRB- via -RRB- -LRB- via _ milano -RRB-
NEU pants on the ground ... cause you wasted @ scotts . .3100 fountain view on richmond strip ... -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- all-star official -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- party for thursday
NEG rt : if you ca n't lick or stick then i must tell you itaintthatgoodman so introduce me to your best friend <
NEU currently part of a buzz whose sole purpose seems to be figuring out how to prevent scoble from being a `` buzz kill '' -LRB- lol -RRB-
NEG pssshh yal bugging i never shovel snow a day in my life !!! laugh out loud
POS today has been insane -LRB- ly good -RRB- . so excited for my colleagues who have done so much great work deserving of natl recognition . nplan phlp
NEG i 'm shocked , nay appalled , to hear that you are regularly communicating with your constituents . and caught on tape ! ^
POS thanks , we hope you enjoy it and welcome your input on what you 'd like to see !
POS whether you like me or not i would like to take this time out of my day and let yall know i love yall
POS laugh out loud tell him i got a bottle of graduates banana flava waitin for him laugh my ass off
POS `` society may tolerate you , acquaintances may accept you , but friends understand you . '' quote
POS it appears that you have everything under control and your pos ... more for leo
POS oh okay . . so thats how you do ? . . lol . . copy and paste like that ... lol
POS home after lucia 's and key skills this morning ; had to attend due to a guest speaker talking about uni - got me even more excited ! eeee :d
NEU i have n't watched the newest episode of lost yet , but i do have 5555 miles on my car . so there !
POS rt to all my new & old friends : i know i 'm behind on my thanks 4 follows , retweets , ff 's , etc. 4give the lapse . i do love ya !
NEG rt mervyn king says he ca n't think of any reason why the uk would lose it 's aaa rating - now will george osborne shut up ?
NEU hey ive just made my twitter , how do you talk to people on heree ?
POS satria dong sa ! si dika mah geleh ah hahahah
NEU farmville players send 220 million valentine 's day virtual gifts ... : whenever i discuss virtual goods and the fac ...
NEG and obviously not forgetting the fact i 'm gon na feel 122356325x worse EMO_HAPPY oh well ...
POS formspring.me - what would you like for valentine?s day ? yummy truffles , stargazer lillies , a donation to ...
NEU bob dylan ? lenny bruce
NEU eh dia bos loh bdnny kok bau panas -LRB- ? -RRB- yh?msh pagi loh ini
NEU rt : demi lovato writing new song with nick jonas
NEG that 's the only game you have ?
POS even when shit get hard - im going to - make sure that im around to hold you -LSB- down -RSB- - i ` ll never leave ya side until tha day i die .
POS a + , would laugh out loud again .
NEU to find actors of close age . . to get the book 's description . . just like when they got daniel radcliffe for harry potter . . cont 'd
NEG why do hong kong people like to have their air cons on supercold !?!?! man , i need some socks or something !!!!
POS rt check out on it 's my time and vote for us EMO_HAPPY
NEG what happened to snow at 6 pm ?
POS thank you for rewarding me for my crazy day . the guy at subway gave me a free cookie , but this is muuuuch better !
POS 10 absolutely jaw dropping concept car designs
NEG i can feel that theres a growing pimple on my nose EMO_HAPPY
POS great sunny days with in the beauty mountains of bc ... crew was sending !
NEU new blog post : can someone help my bro and his angels & demons obsession ?
NEG whats that ?? you no me im at work = -LRB-
POS found some cool free twitter backgrounds @ check it out !! backgrounds twitter
NEU lmao . . i am . but i mean this snow is annoyin rt : how can you are life suck you have me then you are boyfriend . . btw you still with him > ?
NEU self defense is a state of mind , it involves every aspect of our lives , our physical , mental and emotional safety .
NEG _ obsesdx for sme reason my eyes burn too I do n't know
POS sama2 sayang ? ? : great wednesday ? thanks to et all to be the part of my superb day EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt _ hle : ii am leaveinq ; n imma delete my twitter ; n who wants my photoshop ? < -- ill take it EMO_HAPPY
POS `` i pray also that the eyes of your heart may be enlightened in order that you may know the hope to which he has called you ... '' eph1 :18
NEG rt : avoid-an-audit-6-red-flags-you-should-know
NEG fuel-consumption data indicates weak growth i first we had rail traffic data : now we have this and with msm spin , too
NEU rt : product review - foundation
NEU the hollywood reporter | heat vision | comics | movie news : tim ... : tim robbins is joining the cast of `` green lant ...
NEG pressure mounting at sunderland : lorik cana : sunderland 's winless run extended to 12 games following 1-1 ... telegraph
NEU samsung mobile phones-there is one for everyone : south korea during samsung gro ... mobile marketing
POS makin ' birthday macaroons that i shall drizzle with caramel sauce . oh yeah . i do shit up big .
NEU one question , who thinks this is the real ?
POS heh me too actually ... tho kannur i still kinda alive cause a close uncle lives there . . had been thr last week for theyyam \ m /
NEU yes , according to the amt you have in your possession . its always been like that . a base head -LRB- my sis -RRB- told me
NEU at wok i just tell people i have eczema laugh out loud that i am itching my dry skin . probs just as bad laugh out loud
POS ground is covered in snow outside but spring is in full bloom in attica 's kitchen we are pouring beautiful hyacinth soy candles for the shop
NEG i do n't like bein stuck in the house i 'd rather go to class
NEU rt : aerial photographs released of twin towers ' collapse
POS girl bye . . yuh kno not ... bgc jux came on and tha > otha otha < iznt gon na miss that ... do yuh watch it ??
NEG i am so pissed ! me and my boyfriend broke up today ! i broke up with him for the recorde !
NEU rt : _ la_la yes . exhibit a : olivia benson in `` law and order : svu '' circa season 7 & 8 .
NEG is csi investigating brakes tampering , or a little nitro in the engine ? gd luck in nationwide race nascar
NEG update . EMO_HAPPY dead nanaman ako nito . -LRB- doh -RRB- sorry ate mona . EMO_HAPPY
NEG omfg i can not believe you just tweeted that ? are you effn serious with me ?!
NEG ninjas got mills $ i just want a couple too ... so bad bout to cry ? me a 50 ? juice ? ...
NEG laugh out loud ohh i think i lost someone today realized it wasnt meant to be and hurts
POS rt : rt : there are people on here just waiting to help . . never underestimate twitter warriors 4 haiti !
NEU once again all the fun is overthere ... . we miss you overseas EMO_HAPPY
NEG you guys are so stupid , seriously . fighting over people you will never get . haha .
NEG i do n't understand . i really do n't . this course feels wrong , hospital radio is n't right , and i 'm not happy .
NEG arcelormittal posts $ 1.68 billon loss for 2009
NEU _ raschel laugh my ass off yes it was laugh out loud i wasnt gon na put that pic up laugh out loud
NEG rt where is the , where is the , where is the toilet tissue ???? fuck !!!!!! < ~ ~ ~ it 's ok , you 've been blessed with 2 hands . . pick 1
NEG but i really not like the spring in macau , it 's too wet !!
NEU designerdepot : how ipad affects the way we design websites ? via
POS fresh out the shower ; currently watchinq the steve wilkos show .
NEU rt : -LSB- echo 'd -RSB- : follow tuesday -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU decidedly not a good day . my bed never looked so welcoming .
NEU jerry reed ' blue moon of kentucky '
NEG darkeness in the shadows of dc . bethesda , md has no power for 4 days . . snow , 30 inches , unploughed . . is this the new america ? rt
NEU is tonight 's guest at 6pm on 91.3 fm and wyep.org
POS i just entered to win a skooba design messenger bag ! follow -LRB- daily contests -RRB- and comment to win
POS hot deal ! me to you love you ? 4 off from h samuel
NEU is nobody going to join my - we are englsih and dont like english summer 's - crew ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU _ vs1 word i think he a brooklyn nigga laugh out loud
NEU _ tyrel you are my sheep ?? and is lil bow trash heep laugh my ass off o
POS _ 1 bit of both with a meeting thrown in for good measure . what time you off down the track ?
POS thanks snowmageddon for getting me out of tomorrow 's test ! you 're the best -LRB- until shoveling time comes , that is . -RRB-
NEU spotted backstage : ted staffers sneaking in to watch the lxd rehearse . a-ma-zing .
NEU rt : hard rock ? rip anna nicole ! freeweezy get money , son ! made a hundo , goin to see fv n the 4seasons live freeweezy
POS rt : my school has an sql injection bug in their site . got ta love being a better programmer than the professionals .
NEU yawl remember when bobby valentino came out ? slow down was the summer jammmmmmmmm
POS i love usher 2 ! rt : i love usher like love bow weezy ! so damn serious i 've been playin his ish ova and ova all day !
NEG first aid is n't possible - you need a fresh start - reanimating a corpse is not first aid .
NEU wfh until my delivery appears today , then off to glamourville
NEG i hate lloyds bank . they want me to phone them up everytime i want to do something . i fact i hate banks in general .
NEG rt : dbl check who you are hangin with : : many people think they 're wise , , because they 're hanging with idiots -LRB- who you wit ? -RRB-
NEG rt : `` are you ok ? '' i 'm crying my eyes out do i look f-ing ok !?! idothat2
NEU interesting ! rt : free is not a marketing tool interesting post on make and meaning
POS pretty dope funk thing by my boy _ typ = > hands to hats :
POS your relationships are likely to be more satisfying now as lov ... more for pisces
NEU rt : sade to take no. 1 on billboard 200 next week welcomeback sade gfm -LRB- via -RRB-
NEU the possibility of exploring new territory or enrolling in an ... more for cancer
POS rt : fist pumping my small asian ass off at bogies with pauly d ! the ladies call me the predicament . holla at cha boy snooki !!!
NEU pizza hut looks to start a pick up line meme on twitter mashable.com marketing pizzahut
NEG breaking news : british fashion designer mcqueen found dead at 40 -LRB- ap -RRB- : ap - his runway shows were often like perf ...
NEU i sound higher pitched in my head .
NEU has created a group on fof for the co-oping part of fans of film channel that will offer the 100 % model
NEU dosage requirements for black seeds -LRB- nigella sativa -RRB- nigellasativa
POS she picks such great songs to cover too . her death cab cover has me melting right now . i need to learn to play the guitar .
NEU i say even if you cant sleep over , you should totally hang out EMO_HAPPY or sleepover then go to work from there ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU me & got a 500 piece puzzle to put together . yes , that 's how boring we are . but it is quite pretty and i ca n't wait til it 's done !
POS yes , met them all at gridlock and for 3 days at namm . all of them are very nice and love their fans . the acoustic set - amazing !
POS rt _ over : rt _ over the `` do lover '' on valentines day ?!! can i get a hell yeah , people !!!?!!! pumped
NEU waiting for the 00 to come up and give a push , 11th after 21
POS bouta leave tysons and head to my herndon salon and get my nails toes wax did hayyyyyyyy EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : twitter success = sharing , caring , listening , retweeting , humor & being yourself ! via
NEU listening to `` face tomorrow - darkside '' ?
NEG the snow keeps falling here . i will have to shovel again soon . .
NEU kenya : kenyans , business , health , jobs , life , travel , town , nairobi , people via
NEG its a very sad loss especially to the fashion industry
NEG fuck yo room drizzy . . errybody thats in there come joint us = -RSB-
NEG thanks for nothing mr. president : to the editor :
POS video : luckyshirt : i?m a huge fan of movie scores . big , dramatic , heart wrenching soundtracks . thanks for ...
NEU - hurry lobsterjustin ... hurry and leave a comment like you do on every other one of shannon 's pics .
NEU you got it . . `` ask me anything ''
NEG off to a wack place i call school .
NEG whatsworsethan dog shit on yo shoe and you track it in yo house
NEG rip alexander mcqueen . i ca n't believe this . EMO_HAPPY
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- 12 a historia de lilly braun
NEG the ` miss me yet ? ' billboard . my answer would be absolutely not .
NEU new blog post sylvania 68846 h44gs-100 / mdsksp mercury vapor black light here :
NEU i 'm going to buy vanity fair because the maine 's in it . i 'm lame .
NEG if he ever sees that i blipped it ; he 'll know ! but , it applies to me too ! ?
POS porsche 911 gt3 rs hybrid -LRB- via -RRB- / / me likey . but , they need to pick up the pace on production cars .
NEG just drink a bottle of bleach and stop bothering people .
NEU kevin falness checks in for the minnesota wild post-post-game show on wcco !
NEU breaking the news to my students that most of them suck at writing . today 's going to be a good day .
NEG rt petpeeve the belief that material possessions make you better than the next person .
NEU i 've had culture shock all my life . good times .
NEU let the rain fall down EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : man . utd. : giggs elbow concern for united
POS watch samson & delihja -LRB- stop motion i made today ! -RRB- on vimeo !
NEG like how you guys think that my thesis topic is boring . i mean , i already know it is . no need to keep telling me repeatedly .
NEU laugh out loud no you did not and ... why does that not surprise me ?
POS lmaoooo , anyways , g ` morning my tweets ; hope your day will be as wonderful as mine !
POS the story of my life :-RRB- mnig
NEU i posted 10 photos on facebook in the album `` triathlon/duathlon/vtt / trail ''
NEU design your own shirts , caps , mugs and more .
NEG apple : tech today : google jolts telecom rivals ; apple is in tv-pric -
NEG desperate bid to catch flight lands father and son in custody : a desperate bid to catch a ?
NEG rt : jealous ... i need to be having breakfast with u. << all gone EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : dio cancer latest :
POS _ chipmunk * nods and finishs them the pulls out a cookie * mmm
NEG __ sam yeeea ... scuzzin bluzzin im in the cribberzzz , my fault for not seein yur tweet , dylan online rite now .
NEU game review : magic -LRB- 36-17 -RRB- 107 , bulls -LRB- 25-26 -RRB- 87 : chicago , activity their 4th mettlesome in 5 nights , and withou ...
NEG that 's so sad ! rip walt ratterman ... my heartfelt sympathy to his family , friends and colleagues .
NEU the theme is here :
NEU jack nicklaus , gary player , arnold palmer , lee trevino and greg norman have more than a couple things ...
NEG i was playing with you EMO_HAPPY so where do you want to go
NEU kasian bgt lu gab : -LRB- ckck rt : wah mampus lu gab ! hahahahahaha rt : becaus he 's a gay , -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU _ michelle ah righttt . they 're good then , yeah ? i 've not heard of them . . . you should recommend some songs for me to download . EMO_HAPPY
NEG bad weather on holiday x -LRB- x -LRB- have nothing but to sleep in a warm room with a comfortable bad . .
NEG thinkin i should wash my hair before i get it done tomorrow ... decisions decisions ... hmmm
POS starting to really love when i look at you by miley . it 's a really sweet song .
NEU cholesterol linked to alzheimer?s : article in ny times . bios life slim for natural cholesterol reduction
NEG hi lizzy . i know you guys really got a lot of snow . they closed our new york office yesterday at 11:30
POS i currently have a gay man with an english accent fixing my washing machine . this is awesome .
NEU chels303
NEG charlie wilson , us politician who secretly funded cia in afghanistan , dies
NEG all of a sudden i feel incredibly lonely ... i blame the cold weather and hormones ... and v-day ... damnit , where are my pills ?
NEU im recording these songs tryna finish up my mixtape
NEG rt : alexander mcqueen , the rumours are true . poor boy rip .
NEG EMO_HAPPY i ca n't wait to move out , just so i can decorate and have a decent looking , tidy , clean house/flat , instead of this shithole .
NEU ha - no not yet . but i will ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU taking time off line to pray for friends , mentors and partners in ministry . challenging times , need to focus and take faith steps
NEU i think this reply is going to be even longer than our last .
NEG rt : petpeeve people being over-affectionate in front of me . . its not me hating it just makes me sick ! . . ex : `` no i love you snookie bear . . ooh yes i do ''
POS tomorrow my husband is coming to visit . and enjoy our 2 year anniversary .
NEU rt : laugh my ass off night twiggas & tweeties . * > twiggas and twitches sounds better laugh out loud b -RRB-
POS rt : i 'm trying to get people to try a yoga workout for those of you that have never it . it 's a great stress reliever and awesome workout . . xo
NEG hmm ... i need to ask joe who his groomsmen and best man are . and we need to decide on a date . and our honeymoon . meh .
NEU euro mps block data deal with us : the european parliament has blocked a key agreement that allows us ... breakingnews
NEU new blog post newappidea.com website podcast review | bring your app idea to market ! here :
NEG hahahaha ! if you wanted to be extra bitchy , you could 've streamed it via ustream !
NEU from 11pm tonight , it 's rubbermench with andy wilson , an indie rock and pop explosion ! in o2 abc2 , drinks from ? 1 !!!!
POS hello im jennas bet friend she told me to add you because you are rly cool
POS directory of ezines. : earn $ 90 per sale ! ezine advertising is hot and proven effective ! now in our 10th year , char ...
NEG bill : dorian gray -LRB- por fucker berrouz -RRB-
POS i got dat fastrt rt ? noly opelep atht anc ucfk ylrael gdoo cna erad wtah thsi gesmeas syas -LRB- only forward if you figure it out -RRB- !
NEU mpixpro is giving away a metal mural ! i just entered and you should too ! -LRB- via -RRB-
NEG tbh i 'm rarther pissed off , just wana get out my house !!
POS it 's me ! 300 years ago . . -LRB- at 0.47 and 1.40 min . shocking blue amazing hotpants ! ;-p -RRB-
NEG i just lost my voice watching this game .
NEU i 'm only watching silent witness until whatserface gets it on with the fit paramedic .
NEU i subscribed to nickyromerotv 's channel on youtube
NEU morning EMO_HAPPY time to get up and ready EMO_HAPPY
POS kudos and kindness : officer saves dog from coyotes
POS this weekend : see the end of the world , rock out or swoon back talk east dallas via
POS am listening to this romantic song by asher book called try and smile to my self about how much i 'm hoping to have a date in valentine 's day
POS i am sure i will find that too ... good to see you peter
POS there is something about the sound of snow that enthralls me . . like a feather hitting the ground ... silence that encompasses ... yet . . thunderous
NEG i do n't know what it is
NEU damn seen the twit pic of you wit the braids off what happend you stoped believing laugh out loud you told me to believe ... well welcome to the club
NEG - that 's because i can beat you . . more than shawn michaels can . .
POS lol . haha , that 's hilarious . skyping with you sounds like it 's bound to be amusing . xd
NEG whatsworsethan walkin in late to class and havin to sit in the front when you the only negro in there
POS so says to me , no one here said `` u should see my vagina ! '' but we were thinking it !!! i love me some titi ...
NEG i wan na snap ya neck and spit on you , you say who arre you who are yoouu !!!
NEG petpeeve when someone you ` befriended ' on the internet acts like they know you forreal . i never understood that whole thing .
NEU q : do you like white girls ? a : i appreciate all women , i prefer darker skin though ...
NEU that is a good q i never thought about before .
POS ? the four most important words in any marriage ... `` i 'll do the dishes . '' instead just come to the crown & goose where we do the dishes !
POS come to brazil , will meet his brazilian haha i can be ! * - * i love you ?
NEU
NEG bill clinton undergoes heart procedure : an adviser to bill clinton says the former president has had two
POS _ s oh yeah , i pass that sign quite frequently . astonishingly , nothing has ever happened to me . go figger . -
NEU _ hirowa - ????
NEG you can change the startup sound ? how ? i did n't think it was possible ?
NEG _ 360 i guess its cause you like ross and jeezy and hardcore shit thats why , but feedback is feedback .
NEG to the idiot outside , we did n't make the snowman right outside our window for no reason . thanks for killing my first snowman jackass ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU eh kok lo serius sih ? gue kan bercanda nggirt : terus gmn nih ? rt. . . -LRB- read the rest of this at
NEG so john mayer said the `` n word '' . i said crack/honkie 46 times today . is my penis racist i think not . i like wh girls to .
NEU please retweet -LRB- -RRB- - and bday < -- rsvp here
NEG bait is too 08 kita ! somethin new please ! noshade rt : he the bait but his phone is shot the hell up !
POS find art retreats , painting , photography and other creative courses throughout europe . go to krazart !
POS i used to sit around & draw pictures of dicks ! dicks ? like a man dick ?! lmfaooo ! superbad is my shxt ! haha
NEU rt : banner is done ! check them out at :d
NEG . find -LRB- -RRB- with simple : join : hello all , i about to pull my hair out . i have two models `` activities '' and `` activity _ ...
NEU laugh out loud i posted it here on twitter that saints would win . . when you asked who would win EMO_HAPPY i didnt bet any money laugh out loud
NEU they get depressed . so i got ta cuddle them lots to help their low immunity .
NEU rt : watch rammstein 's new video here with sound intact -LRB- unlike on youtube -RRB- !
NEU rt : 7 book marketing lessons from virgin 's richard branson - by
POS rt : protect the rights of people to protest
NEU ti-84 plus silver edition graphing calculator texas
NEU want your ex back ? learn how before other guys move in ... promo
POS yo mama was like ... `` i like that dude koncept , he makes classics '' ... . myspace.com/konsept101
NEG it looks like you bought that car from dollar general !
NEU i tell a funny story . no one laughs ... it was funny when it happened ok ?! -- fb xd
NEU new magazine launches : a big january 2010 comeback publishing media ? mr. magazine
NEU rt my la peeps hit me . videoshoot tomorrow at 1pm here in los angeles , ca << < me n mines in there hit me with the address
NEU the secret mission was awesome last saturday , i 'm battle scarred though dammit !
POS thats brilliant !!! is an adelaide ninja show on the go ?
NEU tomorrow . . i think its decided ~ dye hair brown + spend time in the bathroom with my 3 tools of the trade cutting my hair .
NEU must be at the right restaurant in vancouver -- wayne gretzky just walked by me .
NEU just posted on activerain : from purple to pleasing - painting is worth the investment
NEU rt : secret behind success in social media campaign ?
NEU drag n drop ? 115 ? ? 0 how fast can you drag and drop ?
NEG must go and scrape the ice off the windscreen
NEG beganhobbling toward
POS nice ! enjoy your travels . maybe we 'll meet up when you 're back and have some shop-talk .
NEU jury awards $ 12 million to woman with brain injury - washington post : jury awards $ 12 million to woman with brain ...
NEU whitehouse
NEU matt lawrence : american idol hollywood night , part two , recap -LRB- group sings ! -
NEU advil cold and sinus will become your best friend .
NEG rt : my latest - > barack obama : you have ? no reasonable expectation of privacy ? pls rt tcot sgp usa
POS wow ! not that we need the extra dose of energy this year but you 'll just add to the wildness factor ! have the best time !
NEG did a show last night and tonight . have shows on sunday , monday , tuesday , and wednesday . i 'm a busy lil comic
NEU save your marriage by hearing with your heart
POS ? for the one i love - the g. ...
POS our biggest fan who has his own sunday network show ! rt : david gregory just sent me an e-mail about the capitals . fyi .
NEG what the heck is this thing stuck in my throat ...
NEU art and music happenings this weekend ! 2/12 ? 2/14tucson citizen ... ; the station is dedicated to all thi
POS take someone to prom that you know you would have fun with .
NEG lmfao gosh i feel sorry for you =p you have to put up with my drunken tweets on tuesday EMO_HAPPY
NEG do n't ask me a question , if you 're not going to believe my answer .
NEG watching the first snow fall for us and wanting to be a together as a family enjoying it ... cancer sucks
NEG rt : never allow a person tell you no who doesnt have the power to say yes
POS jo jo !!!!! i 'm coming down atl next sat . i wan na see you
NEG _ rinna i miss u !
NEG she 's carrying them around with her , so bound to lose some.has 2 at a time lately !
NEU the spinners ? then came you ?
NEU the albert einstein guide to conversational media via
NEU that 's where 83 % of all stats come from , you know . i read it somewhere on the internets once . -LRB- but seriously , might know . -RRB-
NEU how was the swimming carnival ?
NEG i did n't throw it around it was your family member who i feel tried to dis respect me by putn me down to lift you up unessecary
NEG tanj writes : my interest in java waned when i could do server-side javascript with a call out to c++ when i. . .
POS had a nice sleep ... now i got ta sort out how i 'm gon na get out of this bed ... got ta get ready for the club
NEU massa still has room to grow - nfl ncaa
POS i 'm awake since 5:30 EMO_HAPPY i 'm improvin , rt : hey ! ure awake ... and its 7:37 . . are you on drugs ? tumben banget !!! xd
NEG having a bad day ? -LRB- story 2 -RRB- - a man was working on his motorcycle on his patio and his wife was in the ...
POS is finished with my taiwan assignment . now : vacation
POS snowin !! i love it !! and i love my life
NEG just had the nastiest fall . wth i feel like i might have broken a bone .
NEU wth-cambridge , mass . plans coercive taxes and veganism to stop climate emergency ??
NEU three bayonettas , one in athletic gear , and dueling pikachu girls -LSB- gallery -RSB-
POS you are indeed the supertsar . . the real life hero . love and respect to u. . . `` do it.fight it.win it '' . kolkata is surely loving mnik ...
POS i like your shirt , too ! haha , oh man . such fashionable lads .
POS have you try melatonin it has work for me
NEU definition : sales 2.0 is about sales people using web 2.0 tools and social media to sell more effectively
NEU neve sulla capitale !!!!!!!
POS rt : rt if demetria devonne lovato is the most beautiful name you have ever heard .
POS i want to see the sex scene in 3-d :d -LRB- if they make one up , that is ... -RRB-
NEU prepare yourself
NEU ? if ` pro ' is the opposite of ` con ' what is the opposite of ` progress ' ?? paul harvey quote / humor government
NEU break this lamp to make it glow yellow , just like you do with an egg -LSB- lamps -RSB-
NEU working at vanoc has screwed up my sleeping pattern ... but in other news , i picked up a lot of olympic gear EMO_HAPPY
NEG hm , , number of registered federal lobbyists fell to 13,742 in 2009 from 14,442 in 2008 jobless recovery ?
NEU i posted 60 photos on facebook in the album `` kiss an ipod challenge 2010 ''
POS a sex doll with a reloadable hymen ? well happy valentine 's day to me !
POS i love this song ! rt : i wannabe where you r ! trey songz !
NEU the biggest buddha in thailand ? : blog travel thailand thai fb buddhism bangkok phuket pattaya koh samui
POS rt : before you are born you choose many opportunities to learn in many different ways .
POS rt : people who say sex is over rated is nt hving mindblowing body shaking ass slapping hair pulling skin gripping awesome sex . . imjustsaying
POS my commitments demonstrate my values , shape my life , and determine my destiny .
NEU my votes are for your entertainment , live like were dying , whatt ya wat from me . time for miracles
NEU do you hate sales ? we all must sell at one point or another . selling is good : linkedin sales fearofselling
NEG wtheck ! secirity and management at front door with 2 costemer ?!?!?
POS bout to hit up red lobster . get my tgif meal in .
NEU domain names , web hosting and online marketing services and many more to succeed in online business .
NEU stamp duty effect on home sales
POS i just found out aside from recording and publishing his poetry , ryan adams also paints . he ai n't that bad either .
NEU rt : a tester sur google buzz : / / hehe
NEU haha i will follow more people when i get better at this whole twitter thing . you have a good weekend too EMO_HAPPY
POS ahh i found my account with spotify that i had ages ago , thanks a lot EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : due to our site being down-to enter our giveaway for a chance to win free gold earrings provided by shayan afshar . pls rt
NEG ca n't sleep . . :
NEG rt : just played the & `` so fly '' remix at the diesel store on 60th and lexington . i just remember how crazy this is .
NEU ff the good guys _ desantis , _ muller
NEU _ plo i could care less though ... unless he bout to give me a bomb gift , lolol ! if not , he can stay at home with the `` main ''
POS very happy it 's half term EMO_HAPPY although , i still have to go in school on tuesday and wednesday , which sucks .
NEU and with that said ... i know what im doin 4 v-day ! i 'm workin that day ! paper is worth more than love in my book !
POS finally editing the tamper review !! so fun -LRB- via -RRB-
NEG so hard to take people seriously when they mispronounce words ! although my in-laws and i have a running feud about the word `` dour . ''
POS it was great seeing you too ! i believe i 'm inspired to speak at ignite sometime ... i already have an idea in the works ...
NEU follow my new profile ladies _ stop << << << @_sammii _ emem
POS attempting to understand history laugh out loud
NEU loppsi : votez contre ici : please retweet -LSB- urgent -RSB-
NEU yes . just wished i could breath through my nose ... `` henry pool was here '' is ok though .
POS '' your world is my world , and my fight is your fight my breath is your breath and your heart '' ? 15
POS are you ever gon na come to the uk ? oh and ... like my twitter background ? its you and _ salling ! EMO_HAPPY
POS haha yeah they called my house while i was at school , they 're sending tags for it and then they 'll send me the right size .
NEU
POS had toooooo much fun yesterday with my family !! we go so hard for eachother !
POS rt : buy your girlfriend the gift that keeps on giving : good music she can relate to ! EMO_HAPPY
POS _ news thanks for the rt EMO_HAPPY it was so nice talking to you today ! have a great night , and a happy valentine 's day .
NEU solar folding solar panel - motorhomefun : i have been debating with myself for the past year as to the benifits o. . .
NEU maybe its more about the questions mr morgan was asking ? -- i mean i have alot of time and respect for old gord , but i dont -LSB- 1/2 -RSB-
NEU end-of-the-year giving statements have gone out . if you have not received yours , please call the summit office . 407-897-8130
NEG reading can get you killed ... in nazi germany
POS day 2 done , all lookin tired but still a lot of fun with the mixture of talkin to friends and sellin good staff !
POS i am interested in jemi ... you two -LRB- joe and demi -RRB- do very lovely couple !!
NEU catch me & and the rest of the definition of ent fam an 4eternity at nvcc fashion
POS rt : `` if you stay ready you do n't have to get ready . '' - will smith
POS _ kozarik -- appreciates you and your work - great job tonight guys !
NEU rt _ atrium : you can test out the pre-release of open atrium beta4 with drush make : -LRB- remember , it 's not final yet -RRB-
NEG do n't shoulder your burden out there on your own ... do n't banish me then bid me home - powderfinger ? drifting ... ?
NEU anybody can be first . it takes good marketing thinking to get into the mind first .
POS i need more followers help me and i will help you EMO_HAPPY
NEU we are the world * o * vamos ajudar o haiti ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG i second that . the bad boys did it , the bad boys did it but we will clean it up !
POS rt : i suggest we all listen to this beautiful song by with haiti in our hearts . in memory .
NEG i do n't . but it contributes . some of it . most of it is presentation , marketing and so-called `` convenience ''
POS i looooooooooooove my baby . : $ : $ : $ : $ : $ : $ : $ : $ : $ : $ : $
POS nice , tgif ! anyone else enjoying cpk and a movie tonight ? rt : going out to eat @ california pizza kitchen ! yum ! peace peeps !
NEU rt : the media bullseye roundtable podcast is back ! this week , and i welcome guest .
NEU balsera communications and republica to jointly promote national hispanic museum concept : national hispanic museum ...
NEU rt : rt if you throw things into fans and watch them fly around the room . idothat2
NEU * singing * just got paid ... friday noon . aint no party . feeling tahd . leyomi dropping . in my chair . pump that twurk . while i do some work
NEG q : is it true that mama danca ah breed fi yu ??? a : wat the fuk ... ... ah wah kinna suicidal n. . .
POS thank you new york and new jersey for picking up your copies . ai n't nothing like the support of your own !
NEU sounds good . can you ever go wrong with bacon . really ?
POS rt just 15 more followers to hit 1,800 - can you help ? ?? she 's a brilliant musical artist . follow follow follow !
NEU but how long did that pc last you before you had to invest in repairs and or buying a new one ?? EMO_HAPPY
NEU . i miss you . enjoy the winter wonderland and stay warm .
NEG hates being up early on my day off driving lesson later = fucking expensive
POS my speech and test went well . thanks for the prayers ! now off to work with ! woohoo !
NEU attitude is everything . if you think you are going to lose , you most likely will . if you think like a winner , you are gaurenteed to win .
NEG to all my male followers when textin somebody say ok and not k cause it makes you sound faggish
NEU i got the pictures but i 'm not gon na post them !
NEU and one more ff and rt thankathon _ desai _ music _ john
NEU hi -LRB- pic -RRB-
POS laugh out loud i once woke up in the morning to my then-6-yr-old & her best friend singing `` milkshake '' - complete with , `` damn right ! ''
POS rt : stop judging : : start looking 4 what other people can do , then people will start seeing whats good about u ! -LRB- karma -RRB-
NEU guess which one of my claims is a lie !
POS rt : who like 's the new background !?
POS tell her i say happy birthday . EMO_HAPPY
NEU listening to `` lil kim lighters up - music video '' ?
NEU what a season . still cheering though and will always love my heels ! rt : they ca n't win for losing ! tough , tough year !
POS getting my lip pierced ... hells yeah
POS ran a 5k in the 19s today , that was my time not the temp !
NEU interesting article & comments comparing zillow and nar perspectives on real estate data :
POS liking the woo menus - great news they 're going to power menus in wordpress 3.0
NEG rt : entertainment weekly asks : `` john mayer 's ` playboy ' interview : why does no one care that he also uses a gay slur ? ''
POS bobby reed uses this as a member . love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness .
POS free report : help offline businesses and make easy cash ! = >
NEG _ aww hope you ai n't too stressed . do take time to try and chill EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt lol ! yo that mike epps shit had my stomach hurtin smh <
NEU where can i get a copy of the picture from the shooting accident in the states where the bb saved the womans life ???
NEG tearing the place apart to find my lost library book which is right here , on the arm of my couch . lol . jeeeez .
NEU rt : mr. smith goes to eau claire boringmovies | ha !
POS i love quality time w. my best friends forever ! its more like touchy feely time laugh out loud
POS rt __ chambers : so who 's coming to the dream team awards on monday @ 6:00 ? i 'm ready to serve you :d
NEU dang . welcome to the club ! i got one today
NEG bangladesh clamps down on deadly campus violence
NEU nikon 24mm f/1 .4 g ed af-s rf swm prime wide angle nikkor lens for nikon digital slr cameras
POS tsunami memory : choosing the best wahm forums for your work at ...
POS aww that 's what i first thought of !! you think i could pull belle off ? she 's so pretty !
POS rt _ kdubb : after i make ya mama pop lock n drop it and bust it wide open ima cook some breakfast buttnekkid in the kitchen ving rhames style thuglife
POS `` i 'm very willing to pay more taxes , because i believe it 's the right thing to do '' - renoth
NEG dork .
NEU health update : : latest snoring problem auctions
POS cool!i always lookd for one but only found haighs and koko black - not that there 's anything wrong with that EMO_HAPPY
NEU just got word that the dove men + care spot was featured on oprah !!
NEG sorry might not b back 4 a while i have alot coming up , pantomine , option choices , holiday , footie play offs and all my ruin your halfterm work
NEU watch jak medlemsbank - v?r bank on vimeo !
NEU i 'm going to be living around here later this year :
POS rt : i love how awkward everyone looks on qi when being applauded .
POS was asked today in conversation what the end goal of my life is . jesus is . in other news , is my favorite basketball player
POS i just took `` you and justin are in mcdonald and he goes ... '' and got : he apologizes and you two become friends :-RRB- ! try it :
NEG captain eo will not be opening this weekend . effects not yet ready ... still testing . maybe late march to early april . sorry ! disneyland
POS changed my name !!! used to be but ... now that i am officialy married to i am * smiles *
NEU i am using twitter site to tweet right now ... is that what people called '' growing old '' ?
NEU i thought you complained about that earlier ! hmmmm ! EMO_HAPPY cc :
NEU punks fiddling and tap dancing ? i do n't even know .
NEG let me sneak out to kitchen . i 'm hella hungry . brb !
POS thank you for the ff !!!!
NEU new release : the vicious kind -LRB- 2009 -RRB-
POS i feel you on that one . . rt i need a dose of miami !! i 'm getting the nc virus ! laugh my ass off
NEU i saw it reported that they originally wanted bullock to do blindside & she declined but they talked her into it ...
POS many people d n't know what it feels like when you lose something you love so much ...
NEU just took `` do you know bella swan ??? '' and got : you 're her sis ! try it ?
NEG getting a bit tired ... and the 15 is so packed for las vegas .
NEU i literally just made a template . waiting for you to edit and write your choices before i go too into it .
POS good looks my niggaz ... wat niggaz was fuckin wit last night
POS competition is still running so come and enter for a chance to win a gorgeous prize .
NEU knows my schedule well ... why do n't you , ?
NEG just had 3 mouthfuls of dubious looking and tasting beehoon from the neighbour
POS i know you not tweeting about me laugh out loud
NEU blog post : 16 realistic robo-creatures videos
NEU i 've moved in to the chichory stout from dogfish head if that helps at all .
NEU i just became the mayor of mark 's on !
NEU rt howtobeaman do n't cheat ... be honest . have the balls to tell the truth & the heart to let them walk away ...
NEU -LRB- infowars.com -RRB- a warning to the tea party nation
NEU just voted '' 2 '' on `` miley best outfits ?? '' vote too ?
NEU just got back from cheer/dance
NEU newsbuzzer : lightning round ot : acme packet , waste management and more -
NEG ????? how i wish you were here ... ?????
NEG yo im bored imma bout to call ya ass on skype
NEU getting ready for the valencia mtv winter festival , tonight playing for free , the arctic monkeys + mystery jets.todays my main twiiter topic
NEG rt : i bought a recovered memory foam mattress and half of my family does n't believe it 's real .
NEU rt ?? 400tweet/teny japs ? oniitshan = zokilahy / oneethsan = zokivavy / ototo = zandrilahy / imoto = ... re :
NEU rt : happiness is not in some distant place of perfection and pleasure . happiness is waiting for you to give it life in this moment .
NEU - img_0853 . jpg
NEG _ lnd naw its pro game just more physical and overseas rules
NEU so what 's up with ? you gon na be there for a while ?
POS rt : articel writing made fun and easy .
POS o_o um ... * is n't near my house * can i poof you guys there ? :d
POS in the past 24 hours i 've eaten megabyte pizza , a & w , mcdonalds -LRB- three times -RRB- , kraftdinner , and starbucks . whistler was a blast !
POS haha giselle just replied to my text and said ` fuck yeah ' . i love everyone EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : trailer neil marshall 's centurian looks awesome ! / / do i spy noel clarke ... bet he gets his mobile out
NEU hello my tweeples ! i 'm back . busy bee me . check out what made ! -LRB- via _ robinson -RRB-
POS ready for this juice jam on march 27th , got about 5 more pounds of muscle to gain and i 'll be just right ...
NEU rt : are you a grown man ready to blow ?
NEU phillyvenues.org pavilion of art & design london to field world 's most prominent dealers : london . - now i. . .
NEG dispatch from darfur rt valentine party behind barbed wire , sandbags . nevermind unamid armed bouncers ; their weapons do n't work
NEU rt : ff _ mal &
NEG rt : rt : tired of pissing matches over vinyl vs cdj/laptop . if you suck as a dj , you suck no matter what you play on . end of story EMO_HAPPY
NEU testing out google buzz and other networks .
NEU mj got new mascra - . - and i did n't know - . -
POS rt : love believes all things - unshakable confidence and trust .
NEU bharti offers $ 10.7 billion for zain africa ops : reports -LRB- reuters -RRB-
NEU questo l'ho caricato soprattutto per :
NEU great fun rt _ : enjoyable tweet up at al mallah
NEU
NEU rt : sail banda 2010 , moluccas , indonesia EMO_HAPPY
NEG i saw him yesterday and thought the same thing . rt : oh , crazy suit guy - you are such a nyfw fixture
NEG you must be jamaican , cause you jamaican me crazy .
NEU thats on me im bout to send that 4 u.
POS wan na help us with tomorrow 's bake sale ? here 're the details : thank you !
NEU i 'm at ???? .
POS have another step to being capable fans down , blog created . - it is a very very nice place of happiness .
POS `` cuz this life 's too long and this love 's too strong . so baby know for sure , that i 'll never let you go '' EMO_HAPPY
NEU
POS hee ! nah , since my rny one glass of wine = oh my god i 'm gon na take my shirt off & dance !
POS i 'm always gon na be here so get use to tha face :-RRB- !!!
NEU petropavlovsk names dr graham birch as non-executive director : ahe was manager of blackrock 's ... -
NEU i posted 12 photos on facebook in the album `` nng pix ''
NEU rt : everyone seems to be unfollowing everyone except for celebs and friends .
POS rt 5000th tweet soon ! < -- just about half way towards reaching my standards ! :-RRB-
NEU athomeintexas 2.12.10 . wmv : ? review of changes to website . how did removing flash and add ...
NEU that tweet came from the heart and was perfectly spelt . or should that be spelled ? respect for the realness and unbridled diss .
NEU rt : tease a
NEU rt : what internet browser will you pick , and why , when microsoft gives users the choice from march ? send us your views ...
NEU what , you 've got mail ? idk . that 's a little before my time ... most meg ryan movies are the same , but they 're guilty pleasures .
NEU 3 picks today are - crispy breast of lamb , apple and spice red cabbage , garlic and thyme potatoes , pan juice ? 11.95
NEG had been to office today , feeling sleepy now ...
NEU - my macbook pro lid - now with and stickers .
NEU 7 : vidpro gripster flexible camera tripod for compact digital cameras , gp-10
NEU today 's new moon gives the current pile-up of planets in your ... more for leo
POS aww elvin ng 's so cute w the pink pants and the lalala dance steps ! :d
NEG time to say goodbye
POS so do you speak very well , do n't you use the google translate yeah ? i wan na someone to practice ...
POS just voted `` joe jonas '' on `` who is the cutest guy in disney channel ? '' vote too ?
NEU install it on a flash drive and boot through the usb . flash the bios to an english one . what is the make of the pc ? board ?
NEU rt _ porat : martin heidegger : thinking the unthinkable - bbc 's human , all too human series
NEU _ slave fair enough . i ca n't predict it anyway haha . how far are you ?
POS quote : survival and profit are fine , but if you
POS so today is the chinese new year and valentine 's day at the same time , huh ? what would i wear to celebrate both ? pink barongsai costume ? ;p
POS woo thers like random cartoon characters and kids EMO_HAPPY are you pro at mando ?
NEG _ muychingon awh that sucks EMO_HAPPY i 'm currently working on my biol assignment , feel free to do it for me ? haha :d
NEU fuel stop en route to toronto for the weekend -LRB- @ smokin ' joes -RRB-
NEU ask me anything you want
NEU -
NEG could n't stand the dirty house any longer , so husband -LRB- who 's home every morning -RRB- is going to chess tourney while i stay home & clean .
NEU ask me anything
POS rt : ... the global heart is awakening , beating out the rhythm of a new and glorious dance , calling us to a better way of living ~ anodea judith
NEG sorry i missed the production club last night ... work has been particularly unkind to my spare time this week .
NEU ? coldcut - return to margin -LRB- afterlife mix -RRB- nowplaying
NEU -LSB- new post -RSB- getting rid of wrinkles -
NEG - bitches dont know bout my millennium falcon
NEG stupid things to try on your cell phone ! -
POS i agree ! think you two top my list of people i 'd love to meet one day !
NEU oooh are you coming to see me & _ gregory_a and at _ olivia ?
POS yeah i totally agree too , and they both work so hard !!
POS top o the morning ... off to riveredge forsome saturday skiing !!! purdy day for it !
NEU losing weight has nothing to do with starving or jogging ! . .
NEG fuck my life : omfg now i got hiccups !!!! fml : omfg now i got hiccups !!!! fml
NEU 9 : winsome spectrum l-back airlift adjustable swivel stool , faux leather
POS i 've got a feeling this is mexico 's year
POS rt _ real_shaq : 2nd funniest guy in da nba . check it out
POS look at my horse , my horse is amazing . give it a lick it tastes just like raisins , by the stroke of its mane it turns into a plane.singalong
POS listeningto wonderin ' -LRB- featuring matt thiessen of relient k -RRB- - tobymac , if you love how beautiful `` fireflies '' voice , mt is the man !
NEG ca n't find my phone + it 's not charged . . email/twtr/fb if you need me . time for a lowkey night w / . 7.5 miler @ 7 am tom . . ahh !!
NEU rt : when you sit on the ground , do you automatically start pulling out grass ?
NEU rt all other vendors have closed up shop , but still a crowd in flexradio booth hamcation hamr
NEU q : if you could have been the author of any book , what would it have been ? ... a : the 50 cent book
NEU how to make money online at home ??
POS want to improve your life ? ordain it by understanding the physics involved . visit
NEG rt : rt : rt : pleaseeeee , i want to be taller EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud that shit 'll be crazy rt : i 'm putting it together in my head now . ima hv you tat me on the stage
POS rangerstagmein cause yall wit me everywhere ii go -LRB- only cause ii got ta skin of yall on my phone lol -RRB-
NEU i will forever miss the great alexander mcqueen
NEU need more followers of your twitter account ? go here -
NEU the same ones up in arms were probably shucking and jiving right along with soulja boy talking about supermanning that hoe . q
NEU you off to antarctica a.k.a. dallas ??
NEG yeah google for sure now . jus a lying cunt like the rest of em . oh well . will def try to make boots reunion . you going?x
POS rt : howtobeaman do n't call a woman you had sex w / ahoe . she gave your needy ass pussy . she 's a hero ! < -- lmao .
NEU so true . i am sick of msm creating drama
NEG i had a nightmare about this vicious little cat biting me ! dreammoods says it means someone close to me is talkin shit & bein fake . hmmmmm
POS my grandma is so cute ! :d she said i 'm still young so do n't have to do housework . i totally agree with her ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : rt sc highway patrol working 488 wrecks at the moment ... stay home & do not drive !!! chstrfc chswx
NEG _ zol pricess leia is going to be gutted ! EMO_HAPPY
POS get back to healthy nutrition basicsanahuac progressa great way to start on the path to better nutrition is to take a n
POS uk afghan mission ` going to plan '
POS can you vote stay on which njata is best ? it 's my poll
NEU bmw vision efficientdynamics concept to be in production by 2013 - future cars news : bmw vision efficientdynamics ...
NEU aww dammit ! laugh out loud its in the post !! =p
NEG `` it took me a few hours to get my hand un-glued from my face . ''
NEU how you doin just wanted to say hi and get in touch with you
NEU rt : atheists are just as ethical and have as strong a moral compass as churchgoers , new research shows
POS hopin ' one day you 'll come and sing this song with me . i wrote this song just for you .
NEG just realized a friend is off the wagon in a big way - sad ;--LRB-
POS rt : is so excited about pixies in march . la la love you , do n't mean maybe ...
POS rt : happy valentines day ! mix from mad decent -
POS rt : hi sweetie ! this is your holiday!you were named for it ! make it a special day!tu for the rt!amy / / hugs to you !
POS rt this is very cool . parallel genetic code created / via
NEU sesek napas mksdnya ? EMO_HAPPY rt : ca n't breathe easy ...
POS check out my blog !!!!
NEU rt : that squirtin thing , lmao ... i just ca n't find it sexy . i tried though . lmaooo . - yo what you say ?
POS rt awards 2010 : jerry aronson , education winner : aronson said he has always considered teaching to be an a. . .
NEG dropped my phone at knotts berry farm -_- water rides ftl !
NEU laugh out loud you are not EMO_HAPPY this is the bag :d :d
NEG the book of eli just did n't do it for me ...
NEG white knight chronicles : possibly one of the worst games ever made
NEU 1961 , `` les amis de la music '' by brigitte bardot :
NEG sitting in my car EMO_HAPPY man i think i really messed up with lukas tonight . EMO_HAPPY
POS i like how my parents just love to ruin everything , including what would have been the best valentine 's day of my life .
NEG the thing about pictures of scenery is the never quite being able to translate the true experience -
NEG oh snap . my 6 year old cousin snores so loud .
NEG from `` hacking exposed '' 2-14-10 : ms update gives some xp boxes blue screen of death :
NEU photo : -LRB- via hopelesslydope -RRB-
NEU i posted two new tutorials . one one textures : and one on patterns :
NEU new post ! : the careers through culinary arts program : 20th anniversary benefit
NEU hahah i dont mean to do that . its because b is right by the space barrrrr on my phone and my computer .
NEG ya style is played out like arnold & that what you talking ` bout willis .
POS girl ya it was just how they said it especially the in denial part !
NEU forgot to put the frozen yogurt away ! whoops :p
NEG the laptop kept overheating and the repair trips were in the waranty period . they could never figure out what was wrong with it
NEG the one time nascar should step in today , they do n't .
POS my v-day gift = cartoons & bed rest lame sum time 2day he will b rubbin my back & tummy EMO_HAPPY
NEG the annoying cramps is getting my way ! i wan na kill eeuuu !
NEU photo : fuckyeahsubtitles :
POS all i can say is that your are amazing ! i love & appreciate how you try to treat all your fans equally . we love you !
NEU no one asked me anything laugh out loud me and @_quicksilver said ear piercings on monday laugh out loud
POS v-day gift 4 t/planet > a guide for mass meditation for global healing - green meditation earth eco please rt
POS babysitter ... check ! day with my honey ... check ! nothing else matters , except the kids that is
POS happy v day everyone ! or happy singles awareness day . whichever works for you ...
NEU rt : if you don?t like being alone , perhaps it would be wise to start making friends with the one you?re alone with !
NEU rt : rt : my body hot laugh out loud
NEU happy valentine 's day ! check out our whole trade roses . we wo n't tell anyone you only paid $ 19.99 for a dozen !
POS i just took `` you live in a house between justin and chris . in ... '' and got : you and justin become good friends ! try it :
NEG hubs : `` hon , if you do n't have something nice to say ... '' daughter : `` then she 'd never say anything . ''
NEU book review : does god believe in atheists ? -LRB- john blanchard -RRB-
POS to all the wonders that swim in the stream who hang around me ... you are marvellous and inspirational and this past year devine EMO_HAPPY gratitude
NEG daughter 's been * killing * it on video chat with grandma . i 'd put her on that chatroulette thing if that were n't , like , awful parenting . fb
NEU john pilger - pepsi vs coke in the ice cold war john pilger - apartheid did not die
NEU hi sulli , i beleive , then reply my tweets hihi EMO_HAPPY rt why do some people dont really believe my account .
NEU nieuw amsterdam?s life & tender boats make their way to the yard -LRB- cruise addicts -RRB-
NEU -LSB- homeserver -RSB- at risk : my movies installe windows media encoder 9 , veuillez ne pas arr?ter ou red?marrer votre windows home server .
POS i wish ! i might have to quiz you after , especially about daniel burkas talk .
NEU 4480 ??
POS rt : rt happy sunday !
NEU ? 1 ? : how to mavericks surf 11/7/09 : the first paddle day of the year . peter mel , ion banner , tyler fox , na ... let 's go
NEG wish i was in barcelona at the mobile world congress this week : friends going . maybe next year schedules will work out .
NEG the next person to tell me that flirting is harmless will be getting slapped on sight ... flirting plants seeds ...
POS rt : okay ! this is like my 100th tweet for nelena4vday ... still not on tt ?? really ??
NEU rt : gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhearts gagaateourhea
NEU rt : ghettovdaygifts watchin movie bet blackbuster ... and then the aids commercial comes on ... awkwardmoment
NEU - jose
NEU stamkos scores for t-bay ... and walker/prust square off .
POS - more meadow thanks to
POS the extra benefit of a modulating boiler
NEG you could have a hard time letting go of your ambitions now , b. . . more for capricorn
POS dodi and diana wanted a wedding made in heaven ... ...
POS great song !!! -LRB- youtube
NEU dropping off the girls back home to ypo
POS i wan na meet so i might have to come to my homie jheri party . .
NEG my kitchen 's so tiny if i do n't put them away i have to walk on tippy-toe around my lounge to get anywhere
NEU wew ! whose cat ?? rt : rip casper ... kucing di london yg suka naik bis tiap hri ... hiks . .
NEG oh my lord , a group of melissa marie wannabes have walked into the restaurant . not everyone can get away with the look . eeeek .
NEG wtf . there 's a pot deal going down in front of my house . . o_o this is n't stockton , damnit . .
NEG is a bad influence . my liver hates me .
NEU laugh out loud you righttt ... and why you change you are name again . rt be nice to `` all the single ladies '' * beyonce voice * youre taunting them . .
NEU i 'm at a loss for jokes right now laugh out loud i need sumn ' in my system !! -LRB- austin powers ' voice -RRB- `` somebody stole my mojo ! ''
NEU rt : yo soy tu amigo fiel - toy story
POS ollie hales ` s -LRB- united states , north carolina -RRB- testimonial how to make money online for free .
NEG i said great minds ... how 's the insulting you ? ... you 're so ungrateful smh , women
POS fancy rt : sporting a bowtie tonight at we hit minerva 's for a valentine 's evening out with my girls .
NEU just joined a video chat with 6 other people at tinychat
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- behind the scenes - monica bellucci by craig mcdean
NEU i heard the moto was better .
NEU rt : we 're on our third day with - just a handful of species short of 100 . can we hit the century ? do n't bet against it
NEU money making marketing for loan officers. : new money making marketing e-book for mortgage loan officers . increase ...
NEG they probably just want to draw people in and then when you 're there they 'll tell you the real price .
NEU join educators 2.0 !
NEG shut the fuck up donny !
POS thanks for the rt heidi . .
POS rt : happy valentines day everyone ! tell someone you love them today EMO_HAPPY
NEU aduuuh another mencret dramart : kalo mau sedikit saja buka hatilo !!
NEU took the `` tom ou bill ? '' quiz & got : bill ! what about you ? ?
POS they are going to talk to the prisoners regarding loving their spouses . or cell mates .
NEU burger test w / hays ? at moonies burger house
POS off for now folks - hopefully will be able to phone . tw33t ya later .
POS awesome !! my dream last night was just a little too influenced by woodstock .
NEU do it !! rt : i want to start club tonight with `` your all i need '' by mjb & method man -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG lmaolmaolmao . i 'm tweeting it once more because told me so . clearly i do what othres tell me to do .
NEU : in 2 hours , the meat-ball baby will be 1 year old ! ? rt : techno family
NEU ? nelson riddle - the theme from route 66 nowplaying
NEG doing my annual valentines day reflecting , and i 've really only come to one thing .
NEG i finished my fourth can of coke wtf .
NEG i do n't give a shit about valentines , i 'm pissed that i have no access to the new uffie album !!
POS _ onelovejb yesss ! haha . those posters are awesome ! :d i can stare at them all day long ! xd
NEG thr are times , tht i test yr faith , 'til you think you might surrender . baby im , im not ashamed 2 say , tht my hopes wr -LRB- cont -RRB-
POS so my kids hockey organization is putting on a fundraiser to purchase sadie 's wheelchair adaptive stroller . . they told us today !!
NEU kalimantan dit hehe rt : dmn tuh len ? rt : lampion raksasa
NEG me too . i 'm disappointed . expected better from the dunks .
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- aster cafe are an b singer live.mp4
POS my babyshowed up to love the kids too . i 'm so glad you are here boo ...
NEU this american life 's ira glass on the art of storytelling
NEG y nt , its vday heather ... i dnt hve a valentine sooooo i got ta gt sum1 wifey ...
NEG open question : my psp home button opens but dos n't work . ? -
POS live about to pick the mitchel musso autograph winner come watch !!!! -LRB- broadcasting live at
NEU rt : you supporting lady gaga ? x < -- haha ! i wish ! maybe 2years ! i just have a show of my own tonight ! x
NEG i got ta go now ... breakfast , take a shower and stuff
NEU laugh out loud you are silly . its just something that comes with the job
POS start now - do n't waste time-get a piece of the tycoon 's business empire . live life & dream big
NEG got ta learn to not let them stress u , boo we ca n't let prettiness go to waste !
NEU update : brief tampa interview with allison and kris
NEU @_dazeddr33m3r_ bad romance isnt really at the best part , so if you want i could make another one if you dont like this one . just lem me know
POS loving venus is your key planet and she is in high demand toda ... more for libra
POS louis armstrong has a new song coming out !
NEU now playing on frednetradio : long tall sally - little richard . greatest music of all time . fb
NEG `` kaw din ah careful ka sakin , bka we ended up of hookin up din . '' -- fcuk ! fcuk ! kinikilig ako!haha . the return ...
NEU my new post is up with a surprise video wearetheworld25forhaiti
NEU oh.my.god !
NEU if you have read any of my tweets . . and it applys to you giveupmusic
POS i 'm fine laugh out loud xd club penguin coin code on my blog !
POS i love my date
NEG harold ford 's tax problem : will file first new york state tax return this april :
POS rt : happy valentines day everyone ! hope you have someone to spend it with and that you remembered to buy a gift or card for your loved one . EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud yb rt : rt : all hail the ginger king watiido ?? on the chillz boss ... lol fresh outa church
NEG honest time : i hate some of my a $ $ hole managers . never felt this way towards my boss ever before !! i miss green bay bby
NEU what are you doing tonight ?
NEU ? worrying is using your imagination to create something you do n't want . ? ? unknown be positive !
NEU n thnk god i dnt have a boss right now . . teachers and parents can suffice fr now . . !!
NEU daddy kasar dan arogan rt : sink nyak cang ngeprove ci ! asshole ci ! nyen kaden ci iban ci ? talk to my fist , biatchhhh
NEU books hot trend 4 : change your brain , change your body : use your brain to get and keep the body you have alway ...
NEG rt : lilduvalsarmsso short he do a hand stand and scrape his head on the floor
NEU nah my mum wanted to see what it was like .
POS of course i did , i always miss you mwah mwah
NEU - fran & math
NEG video on the 18th ? whoa i got ta outswag all the other people gettin cameos , what song ? im wearing a poncho to you are shit !
NEU tryna upload a pic and twitter is trippn laugh out loud welp i tried
NEG my brain keeps traveling in the wrong direction
NEG rt : there 's always that one person who always catches you doing something weird . omgthatssotrue
POS rt : ca n't wait for the death race prequel ! - >
NEG going to sleep feeling misserable and getting ill again
POS that 's true . on a related note , do you know if susan boyle is on twitter ?
NEG cyz he 's a lib . rt : why is everyone so surprised that brian williams is a nascar fan ? thought it was pretty well known already .
NEU top 100s by year ????????? ?? 1975 ? paul simon ? 50 ways to leave your lover ???? ~
NEU rt : sigh * EMO_HAPPY -- whts the matter ?
NEG laugh out loud didnt any one warn you thats like against drinkin rules ! laugh out loud i neverr doo that i wake up w. my stomach in knots laugh out loud
NEG i have no idea rinko acted at liar game 2 !!
NEU bsk gw mau nyuruh dia triak2 `` sir yes sir ! no sir , im sorry sir ! on my face sir ! ooh . . thank you sir ! '' biar sexy !
NEU well , do you ?
POS support lace up save lives , add a twibbon to your avatar now ! -
NEG not feelin so good. :
NEG god hates fags lists of bands that will produce a gay child who comes up with this stuff and what kind of drugs ?
NEU pc heads for the heights ? human planet . on location with this ... : as we walked up the red carpet and onto the he ...
NEU just took `` where 's your perfect kissing spot ? '' and got in the rain
NEG at least you know rt : but i 'm not getting him a real gift on the side like he got me . that 's fcked up right ? * shrug *
NEU follow the official olympic twitter account
POS sign up free and expand your twitter followers using
NEG kid cudi will not leave my head . ah !!!
NEU farmers introduces new texas next generation home policy -LRB- business wire via yahoo ! finance -RRB- ... home insurance
POS that sounds like a great marketing technique to boost biz ... you & should have a friendly showdown ! gjco
POS i think it has to do with the symbolic luck part . which has no price .
POS which movie are you watching , and did you like it ? replied to your tweet :
NEU * snooki punch ! * rt _ it : customer at work just told me my shirt looks stupid . hahahaha . awesome .
NEU ? 4.3 million will be invested by uk into online scams investigative team
NEU dotcommonweal ? blog archive ? tourism and pilgrimage : the current christian century has a nifty interview with tr ...
NEU i got to be the most `` famous regluar nigga '' in the game . who fucking wit me right now ?
NEG rt : women are always moaning about the things guys will say to get into their pants ... bitch , try being a successful dj !!!!
NEG browsed a toys are us and two targets , no toys were bought ... oh well ... better luck next time .
NEU facebook app by artpublish1
NEG and then there was dude who was doing psychedelic weird marijuana shit moves in front of the bar completely freaked me out
NEG nowplaying pink - please dont leave me '' i can cut you into pieces ... when my heart is broken ''
POS i 'm sooo happy for :d it 's all so excitinggggg :d
POS wassup my dude i like what you do i wanted to talk bizness with you
POS i aready kno . . laugh out loud
NEU i 'm at o2 tower -LRB- georg-brauchle-ring 50 , munich -RRB- .
NEU tarantino 's western will be a slavery adventure : he 's calling it a southern .
NEU just voted `` miley cyrus '' on `` which disney star will still be popular in 5 years ? '' vote too ?
POS watch my name is khan ... its worth watching ... . the trio -LRB- srk , kajol , kj -RRB- proved again ...
NEG obsessed with mario bros galaxy on the wii . and i ca n't stop playing .
NEU you are my fire
POS rt : im waiting for you to tweet duuudeee :d come onlineee xx
NEG how does someone dick you over on valentines day ? EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : 1 lucky winner will win this game when we have 1,000 followers rt & follow 2 enter ! comp
NEU not so chilly out ... ... ... i 'm feelin this yeah and i likie
NEG i got my pops whip right now and this nigga aint got nooo heat . smh
NEG i 'm just going to bed . i think i might be b-polar .
NEU thanks rt : followmonday _ satria and follow me
NEU the funny part is when the bottle popped n i got paranoid . lmao !
NEG sick as a dog but still made something to smoke my bud out of . .
NEU my fault rt nope i have a g1
NEU
POS laugh out loud good ones rt : lessons learned from `` too fat to fly '' with and
NEU true rt : halo legends & black dynamite come out on tuesday . and the waxed canvas bean boots from ll bean
NEU bejeweled , writing , and looking for the perfect cd to d/l ... been listening to a lot of ugly casanova -LRB- isaac brock < 3 -RRB-
NEG ... oh my god . something just went down next door . the dog went mad , there was a girl screaming and a guy yelling . 0 ___ 0 ;
NEG my knee hurts so badly . frick !
NEG i almost slipped and fell on my way to my dorm room ... classes should be canceled
NEU rt : _ 86
NEU i would n't expect a huge change just by adding it , but you can add value and increase engagement , which should help eventually .
NEG i have some of the weirdest cravings .
NEU i just snapped a new picture :
NEG and if you say something wrong , a lot of people will hear you , take it offensively and hate you EMO_HAPPY
POS the new pizza is good actually
POS omg . i dnt know why but i really want to watch mouse hunt .
NEG rt : this might fuck up a future collab but this dude usher look like a gay urban batman in the all star game show
NEG oh how i hate it when quick-and-dirty comes back to haunt you !
NEU see i got these tiny hands i can hold it i will hold it for you you will gay ass dudes lmfao
NEG those big ones without frames ? i do n't care how hot the girl is who is wearing them , i have an instant dislike to her .
POS twitters pissing me off . it load or do anything . EMO_HAPPY dude , i love you more than anyone . pancake day tomorrow . ;d night .
POS brunch with my darling -LRB- @ pastis -RRB-
NEU on palringo but where 's my lavender ?
NEG still sick . coughin up a lung at this point , but i got things to do later . got ta make it work
NEG _ ghoul_ava not much i can do -- all the fucking ports are closed
NEG brrr forgot to turn my heater on in my room so now it 's freezing !! looks like i 'm guna be sleeping under my duvet tonight EMO_HAPPY
NEU bout to make breakfast and bring my nefew his formula at my sis house
NEG 36c when i got home ; i still went for a run . ca n't wait for cool weather to exercise in oz . bbq snags & beer after prob just kept me even
POS you are so clever : -RRB- i worked , but had a lovely relaxin day , i work hard to keep people happy when not well & able to look after themselves
NEU - escalates to where ?
POS haha i 'll pinch the cheeks of a 30 yr old . . pshh !! you look about ... 21 ?? am i right ?
NEU twitter may be down , but glee never ends !! actually , it does . it my last episode . fail
NEU hey hey le creuset ! how many hands did you burn today ?
NEU just used to put my friends ' faces on my twitter background . check it out !
NEU the readiest way to make the wench amends
NEU rt : in 2 eps . EMO_HAPPY the season ends
NEU - love , peace and harmony EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt new update : 27-inch imac giveaway ! : movie reviews , trailers , photos , posters , news , giveaways ...
NEU sy tibaaart : hiksssssssssssss ... see you yah syg . . rt : hey kao . . kami -LRB- cont -RRB-
POS ok so i clearly spent over my budget ! EMO_HAPPY but i 'm happy ! ?
POS done cleaning ! all i have to do now is go to the dr. 's and watch coraline !
NEU home made rocky road !! ooooo you have it tougher than i lol . phew , i 'm excited -LRB- if in a slightly sadistic way -RRB- : os
NEU gospel being shared at olympics - olympics christian jesus ministry
NEU watchin the all-star game and tryna get some studyin done
POS is yay it 's finally going to be nice out . . EMO_HAPPY
POS _ cupcake yeah i 've seen it a few times now lool , they 're looking like their having the time of their lives chillin with vanilla ice laugh out loud
POS rt : thank u ! rt : most stylish & kindest celeb i 've talked with at fw so far . thanks jared leto !
POS rt : happy valentine 's day to all my amazing ladies out there . you are all my valentine today
POS noah is rockin out to imma be ! i hate this song but seeing him dancing makes my day !!! EMO_HAPPY
NEU blog post : clinton : ir?n se mueve hacia una dictadura militar
NEU world of warcraft pvp decal at
NEG my fault cuz i stuck around long enough to make it happen . smh .
POS @__zero just for the banter i guess EMO_HAPPY what train do you get ?
NEU _ shadesss whoa ! its your bday no sad on your bday !! and i told you to say something earlier , you waited it out ?
NEU alliant rt2s rt2v oper . maintenance & parts
NEG i actually just called my father `` old man '' during an argument ...
NEG oh my god '' / i did not neglect you last night .
NEU immigrants in britain to be taught to queue
NEG you are right ! why in the world would he do that ???!!!
NEU morning jim , like me i see you 're in tweedeckland once more . how was your visit to hootsuiteville ?
POS ok , back out to make more hay while the sunshines ... is n't it a lovely day sacramento , at least the ghetto bird is gone ...
POS i 'm not , it was a group on facebook and i thought of you . feel special .
NEU yeah it 's ight looking to get a few other things going thou nah mean
NEG oh btw , dear john = worst movie ever . waste of my life and time .
NEU i would love an adorable single fireman i would be crazy not to
POS at my favorite dessert spot -LRB- @ finale - park plaza -RRB-
POS rt : brought my favorite indestructo travel watch : . -LSB- i have one of those . ken trading brain * rules * ! -RSB-
POS get free godiva chocolate and gifts
NEU i have no idea . laugh out loud we keep changing up and adding features , then subtracting and adding more , laugh out loud its a hot mess . ;d
NEU rt : hurray ! 3 of 's authors are up for the authors ' club best first novel award
NEU the deep ones . you have an accent ? i do n't think i 've ever heard it . clearly this should be my goal . EMO_HAPPY
NEU just left tamworth with aquablakk performing now off to london se1 club 500 miles today ! n it 's only monday ?!
NEU rt : i 'm glad it 's not just my ears ... lol
NEU rt : did you know you can now make -LSB- absorb -RSB- fresh !? make it fresh here :
NEU the vicksburg post opinion chief martin 's model rescued choctaw nation
NEU o yeaa . . that 's wassup rt : for the record everyone ... _ nunu is the wife . check her finger when you see'er
POS blowin trees and gettin money as always . . o and bumpin breezy to laugh out loud yu
NEU wants to get bones on dvd so i dun have to deal with skipping scenes anymore and wants to start reading the books the series was based on
NEG rt : if you examine your suffering you will realize you do not own it . you share it with all those who grasp & cling
NEG ... lookin to feel my belly wit that rallys , bullsh * t. ... that 's what i get for not thinkin like an outkast
NEU i subscribed to tayzonday 's channel on youtube
POS for that . i 'm about to put win 7 ultimate on the same mbp , good to know it runs well for you .
NEU rt : the all-star game has color vs. color with the uniform matchup . how about orange at home -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG cant find my wallet . . eeek
NEU far distance but near at heart . no matter where 're you be , i still will feel you . ?
NEG should cheryl give ashley the boot ???
NEG been tweeting a lot because the hospital that i 've been in for a week does n't have a wi-fi connection .
POS i am so happy right now . for many , many reasons ! and for one quite wonderful reason .
POS i pleasee * - * -LRB- live on
NEG rt : laugh out loud rt : and by the way i just heard the best quote ever `` people plan and god laughs '' ahahahahahahaha snaps !
NEG wow worst movie ever so so so boring but thanks dad for the quality time laugh out loud now what to do hmmm
POS just voted `` i like this one '' on `` do i look nice ? + which looks nicer ? '' vote too ?
POS he 's a brown puppy with heart filled collar ... o and he 's loving and kind laugh out loud ? laugh out loud
NEU inspiration in adversity
POS _ aqw he 's also the one who made my blade in flash !
POS same here just making my radio station hope people will listen to me
NEG do you sometimes get annoyed that a lowercase `` l '' and capital `` i '' look the same in some fonts ? idothistoo -LRB- via -RRB-
NEU q : hi , do you have any sisters ? a : yes . two . a twin and older
POS rt : rt : everybody check out my new video rapping to video phone !!! -LSB- re-tweet -RSB-
NEG if you like it then you should have put a ring on it .
NEU i have created this account for emergencies.please follow this and retweet and request all your followers to do the same .
NEG uhmm my followers number is decreasing ! makesmesomad
NEG rt : john podesta , former chief of staff , says the obama administration is in a `` mess '' and america 's political system `` sucks '' .
POS if you have only one smile in you , give it to the people you love ...
POS - hugs to you all -- who make each of my day brighter thru jesus !
POS fuck off , miley haters ! miley is the best & a legend ! she works really hard ! and you guys , say she 's lazy ! you have n't hobbies ...
POS after a long and beautiful . . unforgettable valentines day . . i 'm beat . . sleep time . . on air at 6am on
POS _ truths ring arrived today , it is fabulous . thank you so much for your help . we are absolutely delighted .
NEG * goes to meet alex * - logan & carlos , do you think she 'll have food waiting ? - carlos . shut up , carlos . - logan
POS rt : i come dressed as any pill you deem fit . whatever helps you swallow the truth , all the more easily ... ~ vitamin
POS youknowwhen i look through my followers . . they are all goooorgeous EMO_HAPPY :d
NEU i really want to watch rupaul at therapy seeing as this is my only monday without class but i 've got no gays to go with ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt girls go off when a nigga say sumthin wrong , but like the most disrespectful songs ? i ` ma start rappin 2 these hoes 16bars4abitch
POS i hope you do a good season there in greece , so that you can comeback to benfica later on , and play with us to get titles .
NEG snow ! pushing michelles car up the steep icy driveway laugh out loud i slipped n fell under the car while she was driving . mom was ?
NEG taz rang earlier and asked if i 'd taken too much st john wort ! have n't touched a drop or a tablet . i could n't risk it !
NEU linkedin business and social network ; lots of business connections
POS you must share that info ! i need to go .
NEU want to unlock iphone 3.13 software available to unlock and ...
NEG rt my tummy hurts EMO_HAPPY -LCB- hope you feel better -RCB-
NEU skatin with my shirt off , tryin to get a tan
NEU me too , but 4real tho ? why ? laugh out loud rt i bet `` un-thinkable '' was dedicated to swizz beatz
NEU mystic canvas just added thanks for looking
NEU rt : too bad you 're moving to texas . ~ why is that ? we always got twitter !
NEU rt _ cruise4 : you niggas can wear sneakers if you want lol < = = them be the same niggas that bitches be loving my uggs
NEU bingung tar lo jadi linglung , , emg susah dy ' klo dah tua mah , wkwk rt : bingung ...
NEU check this video out -- lost generation
NEU rt _ elyse3 : the key to social media :
NEG crisis solved . it was my dad . wow dad .
NEU lenovo ideapad atom n270 1.6 ghz netbook -160 gb sata hdd , no optical drive 10.1 '' wxga only 286.99 after rebate -LRB- s -RRB-
NEU foxnews.com - new breeds showcased at 134th westminster dog show !
NEG plz rt 1 -RRB- a cool nickname . i tried sheshewawabar but it was a no ... djm it was off the top of my head ! 2bcont ...
POS you got it . b & w movie during campcamp . maybe a good camping movie ?
POS looking forward to . . rt london fashion week invites - thanks to everyone who has contacted us
POS top 10 amazing cities you will never visit
NEU hear my voice here : the sugarloaf ep -LSB- badman digital -RSB-
NEG lemmegetthisstr8 you weigh 250 but you thick and not fat ? tryagain
POS photo : fuckyeahqaf : love gale and randy together
POS accepted , especially as that rt cracked me up
NEG ' d lovejbseyes ' im not on the computer im on my phone . my computers being so gaay
POS - pulls you in for a hug and holds you tight , closes my eyes -
POS haha ! i love the little apple tote bag . this will be the first of many , i feel , now that we have the store on our doorstep EMO_HAPPY
NEU kismet and karma . they were not changed by external factor .
NEU rt : vancouver , the pros and cons of our splendid isolation -
POS the princes are royal beauts !
NEG its like they know i hate touching strangers and will automatically get up and stand for the rest of my ride . fuck faces .
POS flowers - one of the best sources to express your feelings -
POS good morning northwest ! sunny weather , banging music , and the drive to conquer ! tell me what else i need !
NEU if you 've never been in love before how do you know how it feels ? is that possible ?
NEG clear skies but really cold
NEG rt _ report : privacy group files ftc complaint on google buzz ...
POS having a interesting conversation with my oldest uncle , man my family is a trip !
NEU rt : for the lost fans ... rt : do n't miss tonight 's episode . a number of things are illuminated .
NEU ted talks now online from both david cameron and gordon brown see for yourself EMO_HAPPY
POS chillin in my set
POS tihis is the week to buy select macbeth shoes at 50 % off get in there for a crazy deal !!!!!!!!!!!!
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- small looping jam vigeo 0001
NEG fuck , my ankle fucking hurts ...
NEU _ fubu someone needs to take a road trip to pulaski for those ...
NEU _ stackz oh shit . . well i was popp 'n before popp 'n was the thing to be ... ok youngpunk . . so stopit5
POS i have time to twitter now EMO_HAPPY
NEG said he 's sending me an 8x10 framed photo . told him that ish wo n't go up in my house . he 's got a better chance with a 4x6 . justsayin
POS sitting by a hot idiota ! my life is amazing now .
POS i know you do bb . that 's why i do it all the time
NEU i subscribed to jesseandstuff 's channel on youtube
POS shen , zhao absolutely golden in pairs victory : china?s shen xue and zhao hongbo won the pairs gold medal at the va. . .
NEG he was like o shit oh fuck over and over again it worried me
NEU rt : kids : is on slashfilmcast at live now . i 'm on at 8 pm pst with a big derrick announcement .
NEU going to heathers . ?
NEG alright ... the norwegian curling team 's clown pants have got to go ... make me queasy .
NEG shes not worth it ... . . -LRB- downin a miniature patrom bottle -RRB- ! lmfao ! i dont want to get a hangover ~ just for her . .
POS i think that maybe gaga is a bit borderline . love her tho
NEU rt : new blog post on google buzz -LRB- zzz -RRB-
NEG if i ask `` anything else for you . '' do n't answer `` yes '' and then just stare at me .
POS going to watch valentines day on thursday ! soo exciting ! i was jw if bradley cooper was in it coz my friends were debating it?x
NEG rt : becauseofbieber were all are here and going crazy over geting his attention
NEU someone just dmed me i still have a jets big grin on my twitter page . when i have time to turn on my laptop i will be sure to change it EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt _ etsy : giveaway here -------- > enjoy !
POS and so is lily allen so perfect match really
NEU live streaming view of the olympics at the main plaza . see if you can see yourself on the cam !
NEG sometimes i feel it might just be easier to spell my name the way everyone thinks it 's spelt .
NEU rt : help pick this month?s consumer magazine cover with our short survey :
NEU at the doctors getting prescriptions for the year
NEU release that sea beast ... and get kraken '
NEG the thought of an all-nighter makes me shudder . i 'd be sleeping for days . days !
NEU more @
POS ^ ds shit no problem , whats good didnt hit you up yesterday was in the studio all night
NEU : and adopted me to chinmaya ! its a long story -- > ippo ival chinmayayude thanga kudam aanu !
NEU rt : ui , lindooooo tira tudo - q -LRB- @_andrecoca live on
POS rt : i got some cherry limeaid n the fridge whats hanenen laugh out loud
POS happy birthday toooo meee EMO_HAPPY
POS yess ! i loved it ! taylor swift and anne hathaway are hilarious in it ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU just uploaded a new photo on craftsu : buy and sell crafts
POS it 'll be on iplayer in a couple of hours - you then have a week to enjoy it again !
NEG tip `` in apps world , divide and conquer carries risks - nytimes.com '' -LRB- -RRB-
POS looking forward to plymouth tonight !!!
POS - my feelings for you , my superstar ! little monsters will be with you 4ever . love you more than anything !
NEU you can now download your favorite mp3 's at associates outlet online
POS bayh retirement plan fuels gop hope - sen. evan bayh , indiana democrat , said monday that he will not seek re-electi ...
POS we need a breakthrough in israel . haiti needs you to be their only face of god they will ever see .
POS great news ! sunday messages online ! check out website and share with your friends .
NEG eeekkk ! it 's fucking cold outside ! do i really wan na go play in this shit today ?
NEU congrats ! and hope for haiti campaign & sr. jane 's jump . . fundraising at its finest hcsm hcmktg
NEU just repeated wat the last dub said -LRB- youtube
NEU internet caffe dai killing field di pol pot alla corsa per il congresso -LRB- by liside -RRB-
POS i love you so much ! baaahahah !! just about everything you say and do cracks me up ! we need a date asap !
POS about to have alot of bonding time with _ claire at the hump
NEU how to hire the right person when you need a family lawyer - an inside look : most individuals in their lifetime will ut
NEG i hate being pushy so if you ever feel that way just tell me to stfu ! since you posted the first i figured i 'd give you the choice
NEU 6 : dyson dc31 handheld vacuum
NEU i would realy lika a new free wacom !!! the one i have is old evernotewacom
NEU get more for your advertising dollar with truth2maingmoney.org the godfather traffic exchange .
NEG okay back home and i really should be doing work but all i wan na do is sit in front of the tv some more . gahhhhh
NEG `` obama better start breaking kneecaps '' and `` time for obama to go ? gangsta ? on gop '' - the headlines from the ...
POS congratulations tothe newly weds .
NEG man , you 're really taking an orthodox position on puns .
POS oh my god a tweet frm yayyyyy !!! tour time !! hey yawl i am her support dancer so ff her please and support cuz she has intense talent2 !
POS oh my god simran i found this for you in iceland !!
NEU rt : are you legally and truly married ? i 'm confused ... < -- yes papers are involved
NEG i dont think mnik is a must watch movie .
NEG rt : by the way i told them that al of you were goin mad on twitter . and marvin said : its all about them !
NEG rt : _ dom stop using + to differenciate sentences . + it wrks does n't it ?
NEG even when i 'm at home i feel like i need to get it . laugh out loud its like my tuesday internal clock .
NEG you said that i said so but in fact i did n't . how can i understand this ?
NEU rt : lifetime achievement ? how old is he ? brits
POS hookah for the first time EMO_HAPPY w / my girls sharise & kaydene ! at blue lizard hookah longue
NEU rt : tangytuesday greetings 2
POS iloveitwhenjustin does n't reply to me , dm me , retweet me . . nothing . & i love him so much . he never notices me . one day he will . i know it < 33
POS lmao !! that 's funny ! when 's this episode coming out ? my 5yr old is already into icarly , and em preteen shows tho . . scary !
NEU sugar and lemon !! i 'm having to wait until tomorrow to have pancakes . . * its killing me * hahah x
POS my heart is bursting forth idek i just love you i do really oh my god victoria i feel love
POS rt those sound sooo yummy ! rt
POS there . . i am ready when he get the kids settled !!! i 'll go say boo !
NEG how come the gov. does n't use words of pain ie . this decision has been on him ? see see his reply fljew
NEG going to sleep . doing homework and watching olympic curling and hockey all day tomorrow . 3:30 class , you 'll be skipped , i bet .
POS tu ano yojopochile ~ come watch and chat with me !
POS i love to unfollow piece of shit people who unfollow you first =d
POS there?s no place like home at the irvine village of woodbury east - prlog -LRB- free press release -RRB- : pr log -LRB- press rele ...
NEU
NEG - cleaning my room , heres a before picture
POS nandos is the greatest ! ca n't beat a bit of spicy chicken ! EMO_HAPPY
POS are you gon na be in any movie 's shoutout to hayley and rachel EMO_HAPPY xoxoxox
NEU affordable house and lot for sale in silang tagaytay : location : silang , metro tagaytay , philippines
POS hope you enjoy . and follow hin . you 'll got the latest rt : listening to mahesa utara . thanks : ppp
NEU rt _ behavin _ : sexting in america : when privates go public tomorrow on mtv . check the view website for details . theviewmoms
NEG _ aziz mastodon o jls . bloody nancy boys compared to them !
NEU carl gladstone is selling a messagepad 130 , messagepad 2000 , a signed copy of ? defying gravity ? , and other goodies .
NEG rt _ pinch : this is what is wrong w / healthcare . $ 1172 ? / / rt : last week my dr referred me to er for an iv . the bill came in today . $ 1172 EMO_HAPPY
POS dudee well went to school then i chilled and soon im going to the hallmark store to get animal braclets then gymm :p
NEU rt : faroe islands review - explore the faroe islands - a fresher country : via
NEU morgen lamb of god , august burns red , between the burried and me und job for a cowboy ... ick freu mir tropfn inne hose !
POS sonam i love you very much ... u are so beautiful ... i cant express it ... i dream about you daily ... i wish i get a girlfriend like you
NEU that 's a plan we can work on that
NEU rt : ticket offer for real food festival london -LRB- wish i could go -RRB-
POS bill bradley to receive award from nabc
NEU rt : rt : rt : rt aku nggak follow dong . ngapain coba ? keenakan dia haha
POS are you looking for new tools to stylize your dance and boost your sexy factor ? try our body movement class this friday night !
POS rt : i believe in unconditional love . just ask my 2 headed unicorn that lives atop a chocolate ice creme mountain in impossibletown .
NEU ooh i hate tht ! the 19th is when you get new one ? i 'm good - back on the writing grind which alwys makes me EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt
NEU rt via others : you can board a flight using iphone .
NEU cause what you said was n't english , and you kno it laugh out loud
POS no thx ! rt : hey please follow , and i 'll folllow you back , thanks < 33
POS _ oliver fantastic . we need this in america - so proud of your work in the uk
NEG the fire pager ... the only damn thing that can wake me from deep sleep . not helping my migraine EMO_HAPPY
NEU river trek friday morning in preparation for the ecocamp ! been years !
POS do you wan na come back to argentina , right ? you want your nenas from argentina EMO_HAPPY haha
POS rt : this is great ... letting you see the other side of social networking . .
POS airlines grapple with fat flier issue . i think that if you are obese you need to buy two seats . - cnn
POS that 's wus up ! i have 2 this weekend so ill be in preperation tomorrow ! do awesome ! and you need to hit me up more on here
POS the new roommates look like the olsen twins - __ -
POS rt : shout out to my compai _ 22 and the rest of the spc bball team ... good luck tonite get -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG you didnt reply to me -LRB- : . . i think you should , just because you can ?
NEU rt : do you really need hipster glasses ? -LRB- via -RRB- watch it ! and yes there prescription !
POS you 're penciled in my calender !
NEU nowplaying down for you - ashanti ft ja rule
NEG kobe misses 4th straight game -LRB- ap -RRB-
NEU play & download under the mountain -LRB- believe in the power of two -RRB-
NEU _ dai idk , you tryna come to the crib ?
NEU facebook leads in social media sharing and google buzz is trying to hop on the bandwagon - will it work ?! nyusm1
POS the photoshoot . shoot i need to get a site together to show my photography skills . laugh out loud
NEG _ again indeed . and you 're tiny which makes you very squishable . dontgetsquished
POS - oooohh so proud of you , gagaloo you are living proof and inspiration that hard work does have it 's rew
NEU how generous , what they think of themselves : shivsena to lift ban on aussie , pak cricketers ... |
NEU rt : wedding planning courses and certification programs : digg digguser
NEU i subscribed to coldmirror 's channel on youtube
NEU starting a new book -LRB- new to me -RRB- . `` jokes my father never taught me '' by rain pryor
POS yay ! i am going to email you the fancy pics we have of your tagline too ! there are some in long beach - more info to come
NEG ai n't no mountain high enough .
NEU rt : *** lost spoiler *** ben 's eulogy for locke will likely go down as one of my favorite moments of the series .
POS why , yes , i think i will have a two hearted . thankyouverymuch iwillbenicerthen
NEG rt : talk is cheap !! any1 can afford it , its the action that pays off !!
NEU gudmrng ... weather was very cloudy here , drinkin coffee n watchin movie . . juz enjoyin my day EMO_HAPPY
NEG good , just trying to see if i get lucky today with the tito time , laugh out loud missed it yesterday he was on later than ususal EMO_HAPPY
NEU i had a lovely thing happen to me today : i have decided to embrace my complete lack of a plan b.
NEU do n't get caught up on the hate , you roms are awesome and if they do n't like them then they can piss off .
POS rt : shoutout to my new followerrr dellu - new york -LRB- dellu_ny -RRB- . EMO_HAPPY i ? dell . EMO_HAPPY
NEU hootsuite or tweetdeck : which twitter client is right for you ? -LRB- via -RRB- howtoblog
POS i just scored 50388 while defending mt.cruze island and is now ranked 1235 in the world !
NEU thank god ! rt obama had one full year of a filibuster proof supermajority and got absolutely nothing done . tcot ocra
NEU i just updated my background at also customize your google start page at
NEU might as well enjoy the snow right ? laugh out loud but i am jealous cuz my son said it 's 75-80 in la right now
NEU i plan to document relevant with photos as well was words - as a photographer , my camera goes everywhere with me . getasponsor
NEU i should n't have ~ that nme awards interview on my tk playlist ... it makes me laugh so much when i 'm on the bus/in public x -RRB-
POS ever since we learned about bob dylan in popular music and society i 've heard him on the radio everyday . i sure hope this trend does n't end .
POS so glad ex-service men/women and currents are against this
NEG thanks you ruined the show for me now ... j/k
NEG these 3 hour classes def be killing me ... i 've been here for an hour and a half and i could n't tell you you one thing my professor said so far
POS rt _ snl : i live 4 this shit ... i bleed music !!
NEU rt : why we should listen while others speak !
NEU haha ! rt : tscc summerglaupicspam lulz poorapple
NEU sexual intercourse position - -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- chesapeake bk manager fired after arrest on child porn charges man behind po
NEU learnxpress introduces imagegear for silverlight
NEG i found out my ex is engaged , he had the nerve to say `` it coulda been you '' o_o the arrogance of this dude is * hilarious * . betteroffsingle
POS rt : rt @_ilovecm_jmtrki : no problem EMO_HAPPY you do music ? x ? hw cn you nt knw who -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU why * you * as 1st ~ best2share o2 ez o2breakthru comparative studies findings ? healthy * pls rt *
POS today 's mantra : `` each day is a new day filled with unlimited possibilities . each day is an opportunity to awaken to the truth i am . ''
NEG rt _ money1 ight ded ass imma burnt shit now ight bett -LRB- that 's what i said right byeee
POS i 've said it before and i 'll say it again ... that is the most perfect posterior in history ! i would love to spank it
NEG lost a follower EMO_HAPPY i follow 1990 people and i only have 1100 . shoutouts please ? even if i dnt follow back , you can be my missing followers .
NEU listening to el porque de tus silencios by enrique bunbury on : nowplaying
NEU idk , i really do n't post that much on others except cpt and if someone asks me to .
POS it 's entirely your decision but i think it will be gangsta for all her barbies to have it ... a lot of us already have them !
NEU i just took the `` c?rebro feminino ou masculino ? '' quiz and got : masculino ! try it ?
NEG why cant i ever wake up n say `` good morning everyone '' * kicking rocks with an attitude * its always `` good afternoon '' which i cut dwn to wussup
NEU what the sport of golf needs is mixed gender or partnered tournaments , men and women playing in same tournaments .
NEU htc desire listed for ? 419 at amazon 's german portal :
POS have you heard the gloriana cd ? i like it ...
POS this is all yours . you 're the owner of this world .
NEU nonton ovj , ngakak ! sd roboh dan sd elite . . haha
NEG i 'm waiting to see if something better comes out ... that and the purchase of a macbook pro in the next year is looming ...
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- $ 650 burning green laser contest !
NEG a day of writing about us foreign policy and gothic story-telling awaits . best not get the two mixed up .
NEG rt : idontunderstandwhy is my lil brother always annoying .
NEG net throttling has n't stopped
NEU does n't you phone do gps ? i forgot mine last week in atl and just used my phone - not great but it worked ...
NEG i 'm always up ... i 'm feedin the baby right now . . my mind is heavy too
NEG i often have no idea i 'm enraged until i notice my knuckles turning white .
NEG also trying to upload dance vids but they 're avi files and i ca n't work out how to convert them to mpeg so its taking time
NEU feel like a trip on the trans-siberian railway ? google russia will take you there . |
NEG rt _ hearts yuppp smh somebody need 2 choke life out that whore what the fuck wrong with some of these simple minded fools
NEG gosh i feel horrible EMO_HAPPY
NEG bruno from rio in brazil - sorry bruno , there 's no way i can spell your second name !
NEG rt : `` what is it that you like doing?if you do n't like it , get out of it , because you 'll be lousy at it `` lee iacocca
NEU before you sink your teeth into this bread ? < - great story of successful niche marketing for localfood !
POS rt oooh i 'm at 1,973 now ! not many more and i 'll hit that magic 2k followers ! ;--RRB-
NEU sharewik.com - think webmd meets facebook where you can learn from the experience of others : socialnetwork
POS i 'm so glad my cousin _ 1985has somebody to look out for her down there !!!!
NEU i really hope that it was angry feedback . metro is horrible .
NEU uk plc and sterling forex markets posted by : peter jones
NEU new blog post : how much does it cost to buy apple 's new , ipad ?
NEU rt : shout out to all the urban djs bringing diversity to the radio . new streaming now from va !!!!
NEU library of the future in plain english :
NEU rt : rt : _ black gets one last word in on the `` future of food writing . ''
NEU what did you get , and how were the prices ?
POS i hope i get 2 train wit these niggies tomorrow , get my combine game up laugh out loud
POS lmfao we do d : i think its cute too xd
NEU video : part 2 . ? put them on , you strike a match . poooof !?
NEU rt : wynn wynn ong purse lands the cover of women?s wear daily
NEG i think we all should get over j 's hair for a while . yes , he cut it/shaved it/etc , and well ... he 's the only one -LRB- cont -RRB-
POS ummm ultravoilet , nothing but the truth , adventureland , chicago and nine ahahah
NEU jst met my 2nd cousinsz ! they are pretty nice ! but now im boredd ... !
NEG `` there comes a moment when you have to stop revving up the car and shove it into gear . ''
NEU dms : crysonic updates spectralive nxt to v3 .5 : 17th february 2010 : crysonic has updated spectralive nxt to v3 .5 , o. . .
NEU what type you looking for ? gim me more description or i 'll end up showing you furry leopard prints in loud colours again . laugh out loud
NEU i just reached citizen level 5 in smallworlds and now hold the title of citizen .
NEU rt : first impressions of park slope 's mack 's bar & grill in park slope :
NEU vanity is a fresh magazine styled premium wordpress theme by gorillathemes design for fashion / celebrity gossip
POS rt : free copy of the genie 's curse to a participant at tomorrow night 's coffeetime chat . topic is sacrifice .
POS nice to know true love exists rt : grandparents are celebrating 68 years of marriage today . crazy ! rva
NEG amazing . wisewords rt you ca n't solve a problem with the same consciousness that created it . - einstein
POS if you wish was you boyfriend then tweet -- > iwishjbwasmybf at the end of your tweets . EMO_HAPPY ?
NEG i was hungryrt : grubbing
NEG cez halts approvals for solar , wind power plants | solarif
NEG i think you just broke my heart ...
NEG i swear everytime i wake in the chinese people kno me n wat i want they jus start cookin my shit ! fatshit i mean wat if i want sumthin new smh
POS the best is yet to come , better days are just ahead EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : wonderful snow photography by piotr krzaczkowski - amo images : via
POS rt : home for a few hours , it 's sunny and 74 , and played mess of me just as i started my car . not a bad way to come home ! - tim
NEU rt : le playstation network sur t?l?phone portable -
NEU twitter is the reflection of the lowest cravings of humanity . it 's always about sex , food , tv and sometimes about cats . best saw ever heard
NEG paclpackpack still not cleaned . i have decided to do the least possible . um yeah . . sorry :d
POS -LRB- me & my pile of fresh smelling laundry are waiting for dwdd -RRB-
POS rt : cocaine is a hell of a drug . < ~ yes it is
POS rt _ mag : um yeah ... we 're ready for this video EMO_HAPPY
NEG q : ash wendsday is one of the biggest christian holidays . ... a : not for baptists . but thanks EMO_HAPPY
NEU that album isnt my favorite i like his old stuff but ir still isnt bad . i stiill love him
NEU interesting video on employer branding in the next decade . by rt
NEU sell your products online with us today . and get website traffic forever ...
POS checking the menu @ tennessee red 's bbq , & the smoke wafting thru the air smells damn good . this might be dinner .
NEU latest news from italy - milan 2-3 manchester united -- > ~ webtvitaly
NEU you 're truly my best friend , but sometimes you pissed me off a lot . get a life , pls .
POS you are one of the reasons that made my day meaningful , deaar ! ?
NEG ohh . . that is waaayyy tooooo long . . i need sleep and i need it now
POS mariah carey is my definition of perfection !
NEU i just voted & for `` top twitter lovers '' vote too :
NEG and fail for sending this as the wrong twitter first .
NEU how do tissa and other aps affiliates top the gdi leaderboard each week and make those bonuses ? ad
NEU just joined a video chat with 7 other people at tinychat
NEG if you 're shopping at walmart your paying too much
NEG you missed meeting me and watching anushkas performance :--LRB-
NEU see my last tweet
NEU 4 : lesportsac kasey crossbody
NEG man what the fuck the cops was at my house ringing da door bell in shit they tryin to get me fuck dat i aint goin back !!!!!!! grn
NEU photo : aowins :
NEG -LRB- 8 -RRB- and now you wan na pretend that your a superstar , and now you want us to end what 's taken you this far , dont tell me that your done as ...
POS i completely agree , i dont care about frames and picas ! lets just throw some pictures on a page and that will be that !
NEG why did i go to class ? the class skipping calculator even told me not to go .
POS welcome to my life !!! EMO_HAPPY
POS _ group pink diamond g-shock ... oooh ?? take pics ... i want to see ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG goddamn it , ! the timer very specifically said 1 minute and 50 seconds or so ! i did not pass 2 minutes ! getting annoyed .
NEG if you were accused of being a christian , would there be enough evidence to convict you ?
POS you dont walk into love , you fall head over heels EMO_HAPPY i listen to his heart beat because it plays my favorite song EMO_HAPPY
POS me too !! rt : i love the smell of chlorine in the morning .
NEU tech trends broadband reform emphasis should be jobs
POS omg !!!!! jeremy scott just came up to me to take a pic ... i 'm stoked !!!!! it 's got to be the jacket .
POS january giveaway wrap-up and more freebies for new subscribers -
NEU pleaserobme.com , the new facebook for burglars
NEU advertising : general mills targets 3 groups to fuel growth
NEU - snapshot 3 of 3 .
POS teen vogue recs `` remember me '' if you 're a lost fan . . is it bc of emilie or does the movie have time travel islands it 's not advertising ?! laugh out loud
NEU emanuele pirro was one of the main factory drivers for the audi marque le mans effort , including the american le ...
NEU youngsta was good last night , but why does everything seem to par me these days . .
NEU may i deduct products i 've bought as research for work ? because i write erotica , and i bought a couple of new sex toys for research ...
NEG well todays all rong and i cant stop the pain im my heart and my finger that waz slammed ina door it -LSB- purple -RSB- and nasty haha comment if you ?
NEU picked up some new ebooks today to read on the plane . this place has ebooks really cheap .
POS wherever you go , no matter what the weather , always bring your own sunshine . -- anthony j. d'angelo
NEU how the ipad fits into it
NEU rt : youtube video -- asheville twestival global 2010 - why we support it !
NEU why is it so difficult to lose weight after 30 ? ? wonderful one : have you tried to lose weight after thirty ? wasn ' ...
POS naww i just love you are thoughts jimmy . they 're the same as mine and when you write them i feel like you are huggin me . ily ! < 3 , x
POS i got ta feeling - black eyed peas . ready to get this early party started ???? me , yessss !!!! ^ ^
NEG so marsha , just one word `` sorry ' and that 's all
NEU
NEU all you have to do is follow and retweet to win an itunes gift card and even an 8gb ipod touch !!!
NEU ray vincente at dc fashion week :
POS let me in on some juicy -LRB- and tasty -RRB- details . i 'd like to write something about you - remember ;-RRB-
NEU rt : followsheknows rt this & be entered to win $ 500 . winner will be picked from rts and announced on twitter on 2/26 @ 12pm mst .
NEU view our recent topics , do n't forget as a member you can subscribe and bookmark all forums and threads .
POS making her bags to go to antwerp . mwahaha , 2morro alone with mother in law . gon na be a big laugh :d * poke poke *
NEU rt : the one who turns to his friends and says , ` that 's her ' .
NEU 165 : coming soon to a church near you , ninja pastors - atheism
NEU fonda , my life : howard teichmann nannybebette us
NEG my fat ass cuzin broke my table this boi 9 nd weigh 210 & thy mad at me cuz i 'm yellin at him . his fat ass should n't of sat on a glass table
NEU rt : 50 % off photobooks ! enter coupon code 50offbooks at the checkout .
NEG i 'll give in and then take it out on myself by running extra miles ... stupid cookies
POS yes , you and ... that was the good jam i remember . EMO_HAPPY
NEU looks like facebook is down for some
NEG i have spent all day dealing with computer issues . grrrr !
NEU kansas city , mo | sara lee | route sales representative - kansas city | tweetajob | | jobs
NEU rt rt : montclair vs. east orange basketball rivalry imfromjersey what up ? ... lol * lmaooooooo
POS _ w_ddub thank you . i told him its his birthday he said no its 2morrow . laugh out loud !
POS wake up in the morning feelin so damn krispyy , i grab my coat im out the door its about to be real frisky .
POS online opportunities for internet marketing - get ideas by the score !
NEU need advice on what clutch to go with . daily driver dig racer. : well its that time again for me . my spec stage 2 i. . .
NEU newspapers opeds on sex education
NEU rt : you made my day . . i ca n't stop laughing . . you already know why . . lmao < -- was n't she wrong tho ??
NEG / _ ben talk ? you were n't very interested in talking during that ... meeting with _ foster and i earlier .
NEG wow people need to grow the fuck up ... got kicked outta my dads house last night cuz hes childish and treats his house like a fuckicn prison .
POS welcome ! i loved the little bird , great job , haha !
NEG performed after the baby was delivered via c section . my god , this is getting more and more harrowing . poor women . rtept
NEG looking at the word metadata , he spent two days on that note , 27 revisions . yet still managed to leave an unintelligible manifesto .
POS for you or for the kids ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU facebook overtakes yahoo : now the second most visited site in u.s.
NEU computer eye strain : 10 steps for relief
NEU just finished watching american idol and now i 'm watching materials girls on mbc4
POS rt : lmao ... on second thought , you just may be right laugh out loud told u. ... lol
NEU up slappin hella music . . i need to go to sleep hahaha
NEU rt : big link `` subversion is now apache subversion '' by jameseh
POS be back later ya 'll ! talk to you then !
POS yes !!!!! rt am i the only one who wants tyris thomas to stay with the bulls
NEU with . there are people who want cheney to run for president here .
NEU downloads needed
NEU _ ria well , let me go to the jungle and catch them for ya ...
NEU ap source : mcgrady to knicks in three-way trade : person tells ap knicks get mcgrady from rockets ; houston gets kin ...
POS i might have 2 take a trip 2 east 2 and watch or join one day lmaoooo twitterafterdark hahah im going to bed
NEG andy roddick and james blake to miss davis cup
NEU
NEU kebiasaan bgt sih hhh . by the way now i 'm at adhi 's
NEU just voted `` maria '' on `` which wwe diva 's got the best smile ? '' vote too ?
NEU report : ? band-aid approach to public health is inadequate ? health emergency preparedness .
NEU momofuku was good but a bit over priced . in my opinion i 'd rather go to jean georges and spend $ 60 for lunch than momofuku .
NEU clemente , sutton lead kansas st. past nebraska -LRB- ap -RRB-
NEG _ wright _ there 's not as much suppression as you think . you 've been looking at pure propaganda dressed up as reporting .
POS i wonder if my followers will ever reach double figures : - ?
POS - a pic is so adorable you look rlly pretty ! xx
POS hey eric i think if you did more freeruns you would get tons of views an ... -LRB- youtube
POS cost cuts help mgm mirage narrow loss : with some help from cost-cutting and relatively stable occupancy rates in l. . .
POS rt : the daily stat : fewer sick days in green buildings
POS theres a band called deep throat my shotgun ... i like them already
POS ja , that 's good ... it 's really local stuff ... tomorrow do you need some killepitsch for stock replacement at home ????
NEU haha ... he makes me laugh . and then cry . and then ponder life . then remember to do my taxes .
POS good luck hustling that ducati around the track this year . if anyone can make it work , apart from casey , i reckon you can .
NEG i know this new kid is gay ! i always go into my bag and i see him staring at me . i can see him even if im looking forward fml
POS sooo looking forward to seeing tonight !!!
POS so i was just daydreaming on my drive back to work ... i wan na go back to school for nursing
POS omfg today was awesome , i never thought i 'd say i had fun at school laugh out loud but i did !!!!! oh yeah , nerd in the making
NEU mafia wars exposed ! this secret guide could make you top boss !
NEG , just saw the tweet about my lying all the time . not true !
NEU like said : was he at least cute ? rt : i am fairly confident i just got hit -LSB- on -RSB- a dude . .
NEU national car insurance-it only takes a few minutes to see how much you can save on car insurance .
NEU save the date : soprano laquita mitchell in recital . feb 26 @ 7 pm , sisters chapel .
NEG rt shewashornyuntil i called her sumbody else name in our cyber sex story = / major fail > laugh out loud damn
NEU rt : -LRB- ft -RRB- commercial space flight is the future for the nation and florida should learn to compete , walker said .
NEG i did n't follow all of them . you can go to the website and there is a list . look at the last people i followed .
POS - mr. riguman !!!
POS - wow
NEG did n't you like tayshaun ? he held on to him too long . he 's fucked us . we have exp contracts . teams are selling low
POS yeahhh !! rt : my top subjects ? twitter . ohjustlikeme
NEU i subscribed to bassmaster421 's channel on youtube
NEU rt : tweetup with hosts iconicchef _ cooks with
POS _ s_b we 'd be happy to send more options your way : help . com
POS we dedicate this song to you `` take you anywhere '' g.m.b. -LRB- g man band -RRB- feat
NEU listening to system of a down 's `` steal this album ! '' while watching winter olympic curling and hockey
POS _ also need to back at the end . . EMO_HAPPY
NEG ughh my tweet was too longggg and they shortened it
POS the best thing about me is you .
NEU which side are you on ? you know you have one .
NEG - oh the irony .
POS yup , and much more . we have integration with linkedin , facebook & twitter . not to mention fast search , etc. .
NEG gosh , i sure hope that twitter does n't kill me 4 making all kinds of new accounts & `` fake '' e-mails since they say all my `` real '' ones are taken !
NEG how am i a stupid fool what !?
NEU hit for haiti at indian wells : million dollar exhibition with federer , nadal , sampras and agassi : it?s great to se ...
NEU imfrommilwaukee where inhighschool club h20 and club pure used to be poppin !!
POS iran 's brinkmanship is paying off nuclear iran
NEG __ z i 'd come back and get you but have to read to my little boy - pox is bad
POS very productuve right now finished an assignment in bout a hour which means i 'm on a roll
NEU if man evolved from monkeys and apes , why do we still have monkeys and apes ?
NEG are there any engineers in miami that do morning sessions ??? afternoon and night ???? and i 'm dead a $ $ serious super annoyed w / ppl !
NEU olympic silver medal ? birthday ? aisle top that !
NEG and im tweeting this because its happening to more than one owner of jboverdose . 2/3 are involved in it . so if we seem sad , thats why .
NEU listing to flip major ft. kyle christopher & d.r - naughty girl illl ...
NEU i need to be my vocal coach
NEU dreamed of washing my hands last night then said `` i 'm done ''
NEG metal roof may have a lifetime guarantee but if all the gaps are n't sealed you 'll have a leak ! here 's how to detect it
NEU _ bizzle3 ok mami im sorry that shit happened last night EMO_HAPPY jus like i told my nigha * kiss on the cheek *
NEU as some of you may know , we have done a couple shows at this awesome store called `` the stitchery '' . a few days ago , ...
POS q : how old do you have to be to purchase alchohol ? a :18 . ;-RRB- -RRB-
NEU bottom of the ocean , minha preferida EMO_HAPPY welovecyrus
NEU the family dinner : are there no limits to its power ?
POS yea he nice with rhymes i give him that
NEG i could beat you even if you cut off my arms and legs youisaweenie
POS nathan amaral 's blog : the dynamic power of prosperity : prosperity is so much more than money or material possessio ...
POS rt it 's not too late to join team aya to train for the ing half marathon ! this week : 8 miles ... < -- map
POS swity ! watsup?rt : * hey ? : -RRB- rt : mehn , wat a nite . jst wat i needed 2 get my mind off al my problms ... nice 2 knw you
NEU -LSB- hacienda -RSB- late lounge lover
POS beautiful morning ! special hello to the kids at 35th street school . we see how hard you are working !
POS for the first time , i got a scholarship :d - i am happy today because i get a scholarship . for the first time ...
POS thanks sir , i already recieved the confirmation message . . wuhoo !!! good luck to all aspirants !!
POS ? basically , our goal is to organize the world 's information and to make it universally accessible and useful . ? larry page
POS rt : holy subversionpart one - rev. trevin wax has released the book holy subversion . i have the privilege of reviewing ...
NEG i am tired of the bitchassness , you fucking right .
NEG i would really like to know if anyone was paying attention in english class ? some people are the worst and i 'm not talking a/b on twitter .
POS most of mine are ard 250 n above but highest i 've got is 500 + ? try egyptian cotton . most posh hotels use tat too ! heaven !!
POS obsession of the week : bcbg 's way-cute animal models from
NEG house now full of sons and husband . there 'll be no more amoking for now ...
NEU huaaaa , cups * malu * rt : likesrt : finish shopping at giant , hmmm so -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU wow addon spotlight : loot addons
POS the twit cleaner looks awesome i 'm trying it now .
NEU ask what you want , ill answer what i know
NEU xforce articles : unsecured loans - free helpful knowledge base for credits
NEU attheendoftheday itss me against da worldd so i scream ftww high & proudd !!!
POS rt : atlchicks ai n't shit ! thats why i 'm in indianapolis yeahisaidthatshit - hey my bestie is from atl , she 's a really good person
NEU rt : ff
NEU how to manifest your thoughts . watch this video rt
NEU rt : this is a call to our fans tomorrow supporting your team is not a crime
NEG laptop has no charger . i can not do my composition remake .
POS ff my big sis she 's 1 of the best mommy 's i kno
NEU latest issue of urban elite is now live !! featuring the hip hop 4 haiti events of january 30th rt
NEU today is my ` play day ' do n't expect anything serious from me ... :p
NEG melo like black moon i gotcha opin ! dam george karl with the cancer diagnose hard for me not to root for the nuggets !
NEG i went to italy last year and tweeted . i also went to jamaica and did n't bother to blog much . too busy being naughty . tee he
POS everyone , please give a big twitter welcome to ! follow them to see what gibson has brewing in the uk .
NEU you have 1 week left to enter our online photo contest ! houston photo
NEU we might not make it to the room ; 9
NEG my stomach is off the fuckin wall ! you wudda thought i ate vans
NEG my dreams are haunting me !!!
NEU people need to learn how to distinguish between the right things to hold on to from the past and the wrong things you shouldnt hold on to .
POS portsmouth keeper james : i am back to my best
NEU let 's get the band back together .
NEU action game of the year winner : modern warfare 2 dice aias
NEU photo : dammitjessica : bok lahoang ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt hey pray-ers out there . please pray for my little nephew dean . he collapsed today and the doctors do n't know why . -LRB- via . .
NEU finally got my sushi deluxe . kinda reminds me of the original oishii ... yea right ! haha there is only one original oishii ! sushiaddiction
NEG pride goeth before the fall EMO_HAPPY and let 's be honest , i 'm * way * more likely to stoop to dirty tricks . `` hi , kenny ? it 's me , john ... ''
NEG i would never call myself jonasfannr1 cause everyone is jonasfannr1 :-RRB- -RRB-
NEU just voted `` no ! what happened to you ? bitch !! '' on `` camillashouldtowintheworstpersonintheworldawar ? '' vote too ?
POS rt : life is about taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories and learning from the past . < 3
POS outstanding poker training center - start making money today !
NEU did you see the laurence fishburne csi 10 interview in the straits times ? `` leave my life out of csi ''
POS goodnight ... . . world . neeta copy poa and and and q7-8 tomorrow . shhh haha
NEG rt : i know you got my mufuckin text ! i did
NEU escuchando el festival de villarrica
NEG no gas and no money until the 5th of march . i ca n't even make it home for spring break ... ... ... * exhausted sigh *
POS win a $ 25 american express gift card giveaway from
NEG cool i want to buy a bb but are they hard to modifyy ?
NEG rt : i feel like crap ! didnt get much sleep.part of me dont want to go to kelly clarkson concert tonight as i 'm tired and stressed out
POS thanks to my dealers who joined us for our webinar this week . hope the info helped . dealers glad to be selling ts5 's . have a great day !
NEU ahhhh the good ol' smoke ting and pass out method thanks
NEG ? i am so sorry ? . . ok let?s play golf ! y/9yfeko
NEU bakit kulay orange yung lake ? uuhm , maybe somebody threw an orange into the lake kaya nagkulay orange . .
NEU imfromstlouis a.k.a the almost rural part of missouri
NEU 3 ?????
POS learn the one skill -LRB- chipping -RRB- that will save you strokes -
NEG am i rdy 2 go back 2 cali so soon after grandma passin away ?? do n't know if a stop 2 cali after cabo is a good idea but i miss my fam . EMO_HAPPY
NEG thanks for the short chat . sorry i had to bail . 9 hours of work is nearly impossible to get through when i do n't get enough sleep .
NEU can it be midnight right now so i can go to sleep ?
NEU submit your nanoloops to
NEG laugh out loud keesh that 's not nice ! i will curse you 2 out later smh
NEG i dont like when people at work bring fish for lunch in a hot ass office at that
NEU rt : new music dj 's download sampler 8 featuring : and more ...
NEG i fell asleep txtn my bb_bb las nite ... i thank i ean stalked him in my sleep zzzbb_bbzzz bwuahahaa
NEU `` mobile entertainment 's worth more than ? 30 billion pounds worldwide '' andrew bud , mblox . took months to get my ? 10 back , was n't entertaining
NEG you should give it to me because i know the truth behind the morrigan !
NEU free digsby ! integrate your msn , yahoo , aim , icq , jabber , facebook , twitter accounts into one interface ! comp
POS the french alps offer excellent skiing conditions wid some of d world 's best skiing resorts . .
NEG fuck my life but i will save your life
NEU according to , it 's a bachelor party . where the groom-to-be simulates sex acts .
POS shoutout to all mha new followers !
POS ultra rare dress hat by tiffany new york great hat !!!!
NEG ipod shit ? i guess ... i still dont understand . and im sorry you miss her ... u should text her and stuff . how come you havent talked 2her ?
NEU paula deen has postponed her visit to - if you have tickets , they are still good . date she is returning tbd .
NEG oil drilling off the falkland islands will begin next week despite argentine opposition , the uk territory 's go . .
POS rt ff follow my honeys ... r & bs best shot at stayin alive : you 'll never be disappointed !
NEU use one word that best describes me . copy this to your status , so you can see what peo ... :
NEU rt : target was shaun white sponsor in ' 06 , but might get bigger returns after launching signature line in ' 08 .
NEU stabroek news - the republic , the parties , the mash : and the other dozen ? parties ? we have on the road on mash day ...
NEG you can start the one saying `` no '' .
NEG rt : if you have to apologize for sex addiction , i guess i need to talk to the hand . myhand
NEU last day to sign up for business.com directory inclusion & save $ 75 ! use code list35 & drive more buyers to your site :
NEU phokus on lounge : weird love by moodoramalisten :
NEU rt _ mane which one you think a trend the fastest ? isittrue iheard or whotoldu ? whotoldu !!
NEG isitme or do your balls fall in the toilet water when your taking a shit as well ?
NEU that 's good to hear - i hope to not do any `` crash testing '' with it . EMO_HAPPY i 'll use you as expert evidence instead .
POS rt a little bit longer and i 'll be fine .
POS rt : dontjudgeme just because my girl is better than yours
NEU rt : who wants to win tickets to jeans bring dreams concert ? follow _ lily
POS becoming more of a mac enthusiast after spending the past hour trying to get our expense/receipt web program to work .
NEU 31 things i wish i?d known about dating when i was 21 : glamour.com : via
NEU EMO_HAPPY i think its possible . i 'll always work hard but 1 -RRB- i cant skip exercise 2 -RRB- i need to take days off to hike . ` nuff said
NEU i fux with chowder !! i stopped watchin the lakers for this ... haha
POS i am sooooo excited !! i ca n't wait to see it !!
NEG imfromkc where we think a party is a bunch of niggas sitting around smoking weed fuckouttahere i moved to san antonio
NEG to be quite frank . i 'm extremely brittle right now . that is all .
POS rt : goodnight my luvs . `` everyone wants to be somebody , but nobody wants to be themselves . ''
NEU i 'd like to use one of my wishes . i do n't understand what laglag-panti means . please explain ~ lady ~
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- give us some subcribe
POS if you 're interested in promoting your twitter profile , you should check out featuredusers.com .
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- against me ! - stop ! -LSB- rock the vote version -RSB-
NEU did you go to columbia for j-school ? i think i remember you are name from the class of 06 . am now working for bberg tv .
NEU and by hook up , i mean meet at least once irl , f2f , or whatever you want to call it . just trying to get my arse organized ...
POS im off to wigan this weekend to watch tottenham ... first away game in agesssssss and taking emily with me wooo x
POS the ultimate super soviet russian team sure has been scrambling the last few minutes .
POS it 's not about grief , but about how great it is ! i loved it so i went twice to the movies -LRB- and being a student i have no money -RRB- .
NEU my living room rendering and my pantry door ...
NEU magic follows you around today , but this can become annoying i. . . more for pisces
POS my grin whats goody whens your lunch
POS someone found 9 fine restaurants in colorado springs , colorado - with did they find you ?
NEU yes , some good news ! rt : monday storm trending less snowy , more rainy :
NEG no you wont . _ billiam pointed out that a few others are using it . . and its an adjective . but whatever .
NEU number portability in select cities by may : the muchawaited mobile number portability will be rolled out in ...
NEU jack in the box inc. f1q10 -LRB- qtr end 01/17/01 / 10 -RRB- earnings call transcript
NEG wish i could be at the talent show right now . but i have the worst sore throat everrr
POS rt to win a fab fashion week gift bag , also in the bag ... jeans !!! -LRB- winner chosen at random -RRB- rvtips
NEG people are overrated and i 'm over it , blah .
NEG rt to clarify : reid says if reconciliation is chosen , public option will come to vote . no final decision on reconciliation
NEU is making sunday , feb. 21st a starbucks day . who wants to go and support starbucks ?
NEG i dunno whose idea of a joke this was , but i was in wyshynski-ville -LRB- new jersey -RRB- this year and is in my homeland for two weeks .
NEG imfromgvegas where da good die young ! rip my nigga skee
POS im just gon na clear my mind of everything and just smile and live .
NEG on tv : `` lost '' spoiled bastard . late ... and lost ? : part of me does n't feel so guilty about posting this on thursday , ...
NEG ive done all my homework for the holidays from maths . and i really cba doing the maths homework EMO_HAPPY argh .
POS no artshow ... no driving ... ready to relax w / a glass of wine and good company .
NEG rt she needs a damn oscar for this performance she putting on , i quit porn to be with him , girl shut the front door
POS chilli but it feel so darn good ... headed to this party and then directly to the airport ... no sleep till tomorrow night ... let 's go !!
NEU rt wars comes and goes , but my soldier stays eternal
NEU womens ruby red rose headband with a touch of plume --
NEU rt : ageloc?s surprising results : posted by helen knaggs
POS fun night of nba2k10 with my cousins . discovery of the night : pwede pala ang 5 controllers sa ps3 haha . fyi . it takes five !
NEG i am shaking and its not from the cold
NEG death 2 you wackbitches !
POS rt : best prince song that has n't been played to death ? i vote for `` sign o ' the times '' : < -- i vote for `` peach '' . great guitar work
POS thanks to everyone that gives me blogspot love ! - hugs - -LRB- =
NEU rt : ??????? rt rt : ?????????????????????????????????????????????????
NEG q : y are you awake ? a : because im bored and cnt sleep EMO_HAPPY help
POS : yes we are ! who cares . haha just kidding well stay awake . goodluck , , i 'll pray for you
NEU 19th century france crashes london fashion week -LRB- afp -RRB-
POS _ bieberloverxo lmao ! its okay ^ . ^ everyone loves you xd
POS i 'm lip syncing to the song !
NEG _ la_vie help me . ! i need someone to unbore me .
POS my all time favorite episode of sonny with a chance is the talk show . . i think is hilarious in it !!! :d
NEU tories plan biggest shake up of income tax system since second world war
POS me is going to follow her tumblr . hehehe
NEU latest insurance guide and tip @ auto insurance busab free online car insurance quotes
NEU riches begin in the form of thoughts ! time to put those thoughts into actions ! options @ gotycoon
NEU bonding with bone . and i think only people in the northwest use inscents . .
NEU speed skate feb 21 -LRB- dowtown -RRB- $ 325 : for cat a ----- > $ 425 each
NEG the ibprofen isnt doing what its meant to .
NEU check out and follow : - follow cf to get your name tweeted !
NEG now you 've shattered my illusion . i must go to london town and see what the real people are like .
POS rt : just got a big project at work . this is gon na be great , i cant wait to show out < -- yeah ! do it the james way !
NEU tumpuk2an dimobil kecil sm _ oecoep tepan ario ilham '
NEU just joined a video chat with 33 other people at tinychat
NEG rt : iwouldliketoknow why niggas with big ass dicks wear skinny jeans ??
NEU - ????????? ; / / / ; ?????? ~ > <
POS nowplaying ss-tested and true . EMO_HAPPY
NEU real men : real man rob tisinai saw a photo of this bumper sticker making the rounds at the conservative political ...
NEG be warned . it will fuck you up
POS thankyou for the song :-RRB- -RRB-
NEG people are getting on my damn nerves today ... buuut , i 'm still in an ok mood for some reason .
NEU youknowitslovewhen you diggn in eachothers noses / / belly buttons , etc. laugh out loud
NEU oh i know .
POS today , i want to study hard because tommorow the 2nd t.o. wish me luck EMO_HAPPY
NEU for the first time lina got a samsung 40 inch lcd tv online for free just by entering her zip code ! . . woot ad
POS you called it . get the hairdryer out . and hair clippers . EMO_HAPPY
NEU i am screwed . trust me on that one . there have been so many past evidences haha . 2 weeks now ! work hard , sash !!
NEU computer engineer barbie has square glasses ! ... of course !
NEG i feel like everything i have ever established is worthless
NEG _ thaadream same so mad skool on monday wish diss skool shit was ova buhh i only got like 4months soo yea how was ya break ???
NEU - me
POS ca n't believe how contagious it is ! my neighbors are listening to the jonas brothers ! :d so awesome EMO_HAPPY
NEU -LSB- sacbee -RSB- bill would overturn mandated search for homosexuality cure
NEU i say hi back , but only to half of you . decide amongst yourselves who i am addressing .
POS _ mj_real ppppprrrriiinnncccee!i 'm sahana how are you?please reply me and thanks for my list.you rock !
POS _ aches black . or rainbow . whatever you like baby !
NEU the fastest way to meet local singles : depending on where you live , the choice of available singles can be limited ...
POS i think imma leave naldo and marry whoever inveted the new robitusdin '' improved taste '' cause they 're just amazing !
NEG rt changing my last name to goodell , when i get fined the headlines would say goodell fines goodell again , randomthoughtthatsf
NEU just cause 2 - anatomy of a stunt : fuel tanks hd
NEU wordpress plugin auto-sending your new blog posts to delicious , twitter , tumblr and diigo -
POS & thanks 4 following me . ! u 're anytime welcome - can you help me to ask if he can dm me pls . ?! < 3
NEU mdvs rt : stubbs came to ut from nearby tuscola hs in waynesville , n.c. same as vols qb jonathan crompton .
POS great time with , , _ real_fisch , and the rest of the - awesome game fsj
NEU 11 steps to empowerment through nlp -LRB- neuro-linguistic programming -RRB- ... learning self-hypnosis and nlp /
POS chinnes take out.tv.and computer this is the life laugh my ass off
NEU trust me , i may have strange methods , but they have n't failed me yet .
POS ok . i want to see alice in wonderland 3d at imax but need to book . i been snooping ... loved gamer too !
NEU adoption agencies business list
POS giant rabbit ! the same kind of rabbit as what we had but 3x bigger .
POS everyone help me wish a `` happy birthday ! '' even if you do n't know/follow her ... tweet her today ! send her lots of love ! ?
NEU rt : want to do more , invest more , support more ?
NEG a teddy bear . and you 'd be losing .
POS 3 hour lifting , conditioning , and ab workout at 8 this morning , awesome . gettin recognized at the bball game tonight , scholar athlete night .
NEG i have been having the very same problem .
NEU rt : rt : rt : promote malem minggu ? rt ! unlimited koooooook ! sepuasnya !
POS levelling multiple alts on raf , much easier to buy bracelets and get a level or two each day .
NEU rt : spay-ghetti and no balls dinner benefitting spay neuter kansas city 2/26 -
POS rt : just erased four tweets so could have my 10000th tweet 0_0 so here it is :d
NEU `` r '' you been hanging around stuy and ville people too much laugh out loud
NEU paul : ? the revolution is alive and well ? >>
NEU i 'm gon na laugh if the race is rained out this weekend - it 's looking bleak on my end
NEG program targeted in fort jackson probe moved : a u.s. army program at the center of a probe into allegations that m. . .
NEU updated my blog with 2x pioneer cdj-1000mk3 & 1x djm-800 mixer dj package -- $ 1200
NEU what is there to do on a friday night ?!?
NEG just remembered al and i were pure jiving to mowgli 's road at last night . oh dear .
POS i 'd pay handsomely for an autographed copy .
NEG rt : making up lies , rumors & making someone look bad because there 's no real reason for you to dislike that person is pathetic .
NEU i found this site to get christian followers :
NEU bella * looks around and smirks , walks up the stairs quietly and ducks into the bathroom thinking thats were you hid them *
NEU the tale of an android phone -LRB- and facebook -RRB- in the earthquake in haiti -
POS i feel you my dude only way .
POS feels like i should try and get more out of my mac today .
POS follow and i 'll dm justin for you ! the first person who tells me that they followed her , i 'll dm him for ya EMO_HAPPY
NEU ? the crunge by led zeppelin lastfm : amazon :
POS has kenny chesney had his cowboy hat surgically attached to his head yet ? if not , i say go for it buffett jr. what have you got to lose ?
NEU rt : life give to the giver and takes from the taker
POS rt _ me_zuli : ooooooh i think ima make some fried shrimps w french fries . << i want some
POS _ addict glad you ladies made it safely ... have fun
POS jon montgomery 's gold medal start !!! go canada !!!
POS rt : you do n't have to ruin the beautiful petals of a flower , because you know from the start that i love you more . =-RRB- EMO_HAPPY
NEG 02/20/2010 : police commissioner says christianity does not make the police soft and meek -LRB- times of swaziland -RRB-
NEU i lv the barbie life but nuttin is plastic laugh my ass off all real n you hate it bigs 2 nicki the ninja i lv her listenin 2 itty bitty piggy laugh my ass off lv it
NEU i just took `` you are at a sleepover with justin , caitlen and ry ... '' and got : you and justin become boyfriend and girlfriend wow ! try it :
POS just had the massage of my life ! i am soooo relaxed !
POS i watched 18 episodes of the office today/tonight feelit . just a few more to go and season 5 is done .
NEU change your firefox default home page in ubuntu | linuxtree
POS iloveto enjoy an icecream and watch my favorite channel . really good match .
NEG want to escape from being among the 95 % ?
POS `` how are you feeling ? '' just peachy ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU hey you ! you should have kept you are other background the one wer you are outside , i like that .
NEU i got my w-2 today and used its an online tax site for teens , students & young adults . promo code : teentax41
NEU please read this for me & 18
NEU rt _ espn_nhl : hawks set to square off in olympics -
POS rt : ck out `` my '' song ! ;-RRB- * beaming * : ff : howard roberts ' `` the lady wants to know '' comes to mind . ?
POS loll my playlist is a perfect pick me up ! all you guys should listen to it !!!
NEU latest insurance guide and tip @ affordable family insurance isn?t as expensive as most people think
POS i love my shawty EMO_HAPPY
NEU _ co_op also and now the legacy begins ... and rumble 's lp .
NEG ciee , , yg di sitnii , , , how 's the weather ? it 's raining cats and dogs n elephants n dinosaurs in jkt !! haha * lebay mode on *
NEG and then i 'm gone bug the shit outta them triple c 's niggas until i het gunplay on a track . . he be on that gutta shit
NEU i want a miley trending topic . i miss that girl . who 's with me ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU no plans . already worked for the day & did everything else i had to do lol . prob just gon na sleep . you going anywhere 2night ?
NEU freemium , theme wordpress | mikengel 's blog byeaclub byeaclub property
POS single mom discovers simple system for making quick and easy money online with work-at-home opportunities !
POS thepiratebay a new experience with piratebay ! participate !! it 's fun !
NEU reddit are you a fan of john oliver -LRB- british guy on the daily show -RRB- ? i just found out he has a weekly satir ... rulez
NEG why in the world i got may weird people , weird means unfair , silly , nasty , stingy , etc
NEU click here and join out call !
POS new track by p.p.ska named ass-o-ass is going to crash the charts ! at least you will see a video clip on it in april ! we hope ... EMO_HAPPY
NEU go to waptrick.com
NEU just took `` are you justin bieber 's dream girl ? '' and got : yes !! try it ?
NEG on a quest for chinese food . and it 's veryyyy unsuccessful . it should n't be this hard to find asian food laugh out loud
POS _ franzibieber why you got a new account and i said something to you on msn ; l EMO_HAPPY :d
NEU got no direction , i need direction . . just got my vamp , got my vamp
POS i had the best gelato of my life at northpark mall in dallas . what is the name of that place ?? proguito 's or something like that .
NEU rt : breezyteam
POS chris brown has a song `` invented head '' ???? ... . hmmmm i 'm gon na have to hear that one ...
NEU ? doktor faustus - and spaces that are endless nowplaying
POS watching australias greatest athlete , i think i may be beginning to like sport EMO_HAPPY
NEU remember , focsuing on what you want , ensures you will get what you want & not the other way around !
NEU great network support , interface and file navigation more complex than necessary .
NEU rt log on2 & use the discount code `` freshtwenty '' 2 get 20 % off you are entire order this weekend o
POS laugh out loud ca n't really say much . my mom likes horror movies . the gorier the better lol .
NEG i wish it was easier to express things to you .
NEU `` daddy , why are going to thacher park today ? '' because it 's still open and i do n't know long that will be true .
NEG is shattered and off to bed after an evening with dave and george . dave being a tv channel and george , well , not .
NEU its the little things
NEU off to my arubaito . kirai .
NEU hot deal - 562713 - aiptek ahd h115 pocket dv 720p full hd 1mp camcorder with 2gb sd card -LRB- ? 98 -RRB-
NEG i live my life just like a robot . always doing the same thing everyday and i 'm so sick of this for my godsake .
NEU wit gettin it in at video shoot for karma off the nightmare on 7st street album my nigga flicc games is nutts
NEU odd winter in my ears but as long as you?re happy i am laugh out loud
NEU _ ratzf what did you spend the money on ?
NEU tequila , after 8 hours of brutal business expo shmooze , you make me human again .
NEG charlotte hand cleveland second straight nba defeat -LRB- afp -RRB-
NEU about to try to go up in this
POS hey , i won the hyundai video battle , and i 'm picking up my hyundai genesis this week . do you want to do any press ?
NEU _ jk the song `` baby ''
POS shoutout to the new followers ... especially the 900th follower
POS `` this pad has doors so people do n't come up in yo space son . ''
NEU - kkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
NEU rt : was n't it warm earlier cause its brick !
NEU relaxation . i want to watch public enemy the movie w johnny depp . ima try not to kiss the screen .
POS you totally can come ! i 'll pick you up in uh , my jet . you know . EMO_HAPPY
POS _ oneill you need godsends ! ours here at fplm are worth their weight in gold , chocoloate , scotch and cupcakes . want to borrow one ?
NEG netflix goes down - hopefully your friday night plans didn?t consist of streaming a movie via netflix , becaus ...
NEU adapazari : olta balik?ilarinin yeni adresi , balikhane deresi - ? -
POS youknowitslovewhen fate does n't want you to be apart EMO_HAPPY
NEU nick jr w / the princess
NEU are you back on the beef again ?
NEU want to earn money working from home ? well you can with global domains international . see the proof videos now !
NEU at this point , i ca n't imagine running 4 miles . good for you ! joe 's a freak of nature , it 's true .
NEG because the lu are losers who ca n't make it criticizing published works in rl they have to stoop to ffn
NEU i voted in a poll on yahoo ! cricket . have your say too . vote now ! -
NEU seems to be on a schedule of going to bed around 9 : oopm and getting up at 4:00 am on the dot .
NEU -LRB- 2.0 -RRB- level 1 : ` louco ' made it to 81 with a score of 1820 .
POS why do they kick you out of a bar for being drunk ? i 've never been thrown out of a restaurant for being full .
NEU shout outs to the orlando magicians and their ace . . _ real_edub give it to the lebrondas . let 's go eduardo
NEU ubuntu mobile running on nokia n900 , installed natively on the microsd card
NEG but now my middle finger has swelled up
NEU off to bed -LRB- pretty early this night o.o -RRB- . i 'll visit the sunday market of my city in the morning -LRB- ~ 7 am -RRB- . when i think about it , i 'm tired .
POS hi there , im marrying you , goodbye EMO_HAPPY x
NEU applied innovations partners with microsoft to deploy websitespark managed ... by :
NEG i can never keep a straight face when im taking pics with people
NEU profootballweekly.com - texans wo n't keep status quo in backfield
NEU presstv - protesters in athens say ` legalization for all migrants '
NEU just took `` how well do you know demi lovato and selena gomez an miley ? '' and got : yeah you know all ! try it ?
NEU broke down and made pancakes this morning - back on the wagon tomorrow .
POS you got it baby EMO_HAPPY rt : 13th mar make yourself free !!!!
NEU mad world w/lyrics
POS _ n_fly or she give you head while playin or watchin the game woot woot
NEG they say that 's its love but to me it 's lookin counterfeit ... i get done wit one then move right on to another chick .
POS what 've you gone for ? the 13.5 plus to heavy blankets & a hot water bottle is working out great for me .
NEU bueno mi gente me estan diciendo si puedo llegar a los 200 entre hoy y ma?ana dale ayuden dale rt
NEU so so happy EMO_HAPPY
NEU well my b-day cumin up on the 12th of march
NEU let the elin begin - with shopping : tiger woods ' wife surfaces at mall as ... : new york daily news
POS singing helps stroke victims regain speech -
NEG nowplaying one sweet day ... damn i miss the ones ive lost EMO_HAPPY 1.4.10 EMO_HAPPY 2.4.09 EMO_HAPPY 5.26.08
NEU ??!????????????!
POS govegetarian , simple as dat ... i 'm on my way to vegan . just goota learn vegan chocolates !
POS ; at last my `` myspace '' keep receiving friend requests . yeah ! hop out of the bed , man ! hehee ~
NEU rt _ meneguel : vc est ? afim conhecer algu?m de verdade pra marcar uma trepada gostosa sem frescura , sem ter que pagar , ? gr?tis
NEG secret : white teeth trick ! dentists do n't want you to know about this teeth whitening secret ! ad
NEU oh twitter ive missed you so much!when im not on twitter my heart feel in complete.oh how i EMO_HAPPY yall so
NEU koolz EMO_HAPPY rt same here rt watching penguins of madagascar . !
POS this is the 1st time i 've watched my brother play cod and remained silent laugh out loud
NEU waah !! ndak pas momenx la'an . tpi smbrng w : rt : go ahead tar mlm dul , aku msi drmh.bsk mlm aja , . rt : yoohh ! ...
NEU biggest paint brush in the world / via that 's a big brush ...
NEG the word commitment is like a snake around my neck chocking me . .
NEU i 'm at chick-fil-a -LRB- 3570 sports arena blvd , san diego -RRB- .
NEU esrb lists pixeljunk racers sequel
NEU merial frontline plus flea and tick control for 45 - to 88-pound dogs and puppies , 6 month -
POS zack rosen is more red hot than his hair . another 3 pointer , that 's 3-7 from three for him and a game high 23 points so far
POS when i got on earlier i had 269 followers now i have 327 thanks to the people who gave me shoutotus ... you know who you are
NEG rt : arg ! true blood season 3 is set to come out in june this year . that 's soooo long to have to wait .
POS yes - thanks for the tip !
POS join data network affiliates for free and i will help you grow your business . spon
NEG was in a hurry to do maths homework realised that i dont have it tomorrow !
NEU even with my departure , please continue to support nice_pitching and their great quality scanlation of the oofuri manga .
NEU haha no it 's okay atm actually i 've been distracted . i could use my phone but i 'm already chewing though credit .
POS rt : im wit my hmeboi stalkin his baby mama laugh my ass off too funny >> >> we want details laugh out loud
POS get the hottest ringtones on your cell music sounds and more
NEU woke up to a camera in my face
NEU have been churched . , as always , had some needed harsh words . in the meantime , matt & i have decimated a rotisserie chicken .
NEG nowplaying 05 - 11am ? incubus via -- forgive my indecision , i am only a man ...
NEG girl you need to need to read just old dude . tryna roast me !!! but go through my page !
POS me and kara discovered thee best nicknames , she is my best . tada !
NEU jobs technical architect/technical lead - gurgaon - astadia it solutions pvt ltd - 6-to-10 years of exper
NEG i do n't mind movie trailers , but why do i have to sit through malteasers and -LRB- soon to be -RRB- out of date sky tv promotions ?
NEU _ my name is dong yub
POS make big $ $ $ part-time from home working on the internet . get complete details now !
NEG rt @_his_lil_secret : _ it_sm00ve nah but i do feel yu on dat fuxx skool shit ... im finna kill 1 of ma teachas - ____ - -LRB- blacc on blacc crime
POS rt : supermac18 . . behind the scenes ? ~ ~ enjoy the music ! rt ?
NEU tiger 's porn star mistress holds press conference demanding apology . says she gave up being a h * e for him
NEU ever felt like you need to make moves but did n't know where to start ?
POS my friends and i noticed that too ! haha !
POS baby 's birthday was a success ! thanks to y' all who came and showed kaiyana love ... she 's super pooped !
NEG the kwon on the cave roof is most likely jin . last week when aldo wanted to kill him . justin said `` we ca n't . he 's one of them ''
NEG that you know of ... i 'm sure one of the dude building it crapped in your toilet and took a quick shower afterwards .
NEU rt : yg mau di promote rt yaa -LRB- only my followers & 5 orang pertama -RRB-
NEG ummmm may be i should not wait for them to scream at me and get started EMO_HAPPY
POS thank you streamate members for making our night orgasmiclly fun ! you guys and gals rock !!
NEU lollll do you google some of the shit you say ? shuddup whatevahh . qo tlk to some otha chick on your timeline EMO_HAPPY maybe you 'll intrest her !
NEU _ chic you may hurt again , or you may be liberated from the hurt
POS rt : hey peeps , kindly check out our new design ` rumble ' . thanks heaps !
NEG ugh ! if i am up past midnight tonight , take away my internet !! also ? not talk to _ an0maly and _ girl_20 today EMO_HAPPY
NEU 22ft stingray boat with a oxidized hull gets a full detail new york
NEG the same thing that my boys do i bet . we have to put patches on patches .
POS they look like there about to just kiss EMO_HAPPY i love how put them in that kind of position when there together .
POS omg ! i 'm listen to conspiracy theory : o no words for describe it you rock EMO_HAPPY !
NEG aaarrrgh really wan na pull my decks out the garage but i ai n't got n e needles n have n't bought vinyl for bout 6years . me need cd decks pls
NEU rt : for the rob fans out there . hq untagged pics
POS q : nope your good thats what i think about ... a : thanks EMO_HAPPY laugh out loud i do write what i feel ...
NEU emergency crews head to madeira
POS support cheias na madeira , add a twibbon to your avatar now ! -
POS sreesanth is a fast bowler ; he has the ability to bring any match -LRB- that india bat first -RRB- to a fast finish .
NEU jordan aj 2010 men 's basketball shoes jordan nike basketball nba just release shoes ! rt
NEU if you use their caca noir and mix with strong black coffee instead of plain water and apply it will pull dark shiny black
NEU listening to `` no surprises - radiohead '' ?
NEU rt : rt remember , you ca n't go back and start a new beginning , but you can start today and make a new ending .
NEG yes i agry
NEU i forgot where i took it , but i can give you the code :-RRB-
POS rt : - my favorite picture of last week . pure joy ... my fave too .
NEU dj tim fanucci @ the bylarm afterparty
NEU time saving tips8 . start a master calendar at home to keep track of everyones activities and appointments
NEU i alienate sooo many people and make them feel so akward . . but it 's waayyy too much fun ! it 's kinda my hobby .
POS the original looks much better mmm
POS do n't you worry ` bout a thing , cause i 'll be standing on the side when you check it out ~ -LRB- by -RRB- nowplaying
POS thank you so much ! so glad to be sharing it with you -LRB- 20.5 years and counting ... EMO_HAPPY
NEU yapyapok - free uk classifieds , all classifieds free online , motoring , computers , antiques , pets properties sale rent
NEU rt
POS rt : school helps children with autism make ` giant steps '
NEU laugh out loud werd theere are manny to findd out here !
POS - tc just tweeted me saying its drew EMO_HAPPY we dont need sherlock
POS working out , going to the movies , dinner with the family , then back to bg , hopefully my roommate will be better and can come back !
NEU that 's how the good hustle rolls
NEG i sware people be takin me der man family members always got somethin to say boa yu be wantin to punch them more den the outsiders huh
NEG i mean i 'm bouta see everybody with them on and i meant the grey ones ... its a shame
POS _ 08 you go girl ! i hope you 've had tons of fun !
NEU internships gaining summer employment through a temp agency : if you have been searching for summer jobs or interns ...
NEU itsfunnyhow you in the club and twitting while in the club why why why lol . . enjoy yourself fools laugh out loud
NEG rt : jackie o-smashes carried off , her ankle bandaged . we hope you are alright girl ! mdl
NEU rt : instead of trying to look for my cellphone , i call it . ohjustlikeme
POS rt : x17 gave vanessa flowers on valentine 's day , and vanessa semmed happy to receive them ! - daniela .
NEU i just took `` would justin bieber talk to you ? '' and got : saddo ! try it :
POS my name is khan and i am not a terrorist
POS i love every song ! tokiohotelvenavenezuela
POS rt : ca n't wait for the expendables , i hope you kill at least 500 people in it or i 'll w. . . expendables
NEU entered to win a sony ps3 from styleguidance contest
NEU watching the knicks game @ my sister baby shower
NEU `` got my money up fucking w them white folks , now i do n't give a fuck cuz i 'm richer than them white folks '' - diddy
POS , chuck norris would be very happy if you follow me ! haha , pleasee , follow mee ... let me happy :d ily EMO_HAPPY 75
NEU i 'm reading lolita by vladimir nabokov -
NEU 2068 4 ? snow trip to mt selma -
POS ermm thats i did on mine laugh out loud right just click on the tweedy sign and its says allow and it should be alright x
NEU although you are eager for something exciting to happen today , ... more for gemini
NEU my top 3 weekly lastfm artists : justin bieber -LRB- 92 -RRB- , britney spears -LRB- 54 -RRB- and fresno -LRB- 49 -RRB- lastfm
POS _ luh if you are feeling down meditate , calmness is one of the most successful ways of combating stress
POS with brooke & justin latttter . hit the celllllll nigga .
NEU mercedes reveals teaser preview of its 2011 hybrids : the gorgeous f800 is a preview of the styling and technology ...
NEG finally read joe stack 's letter that the fbi decided to censor . its sad that our gov has driven people 2 this .
NEU essca has a historical research cmte ? rt : this week 's essca meeting : historical nonsense and tasty food .
POS good fun ! rt nasa?s first iphone game : lunar electric rover simulator -
POS rt : imattractedto men that 'll hold you down no matter what
NEU i posted 4 photos on facebook in the album `` glow | 2010 ''
NEU checking out eileen 's profile on butterflies among us :
NEU i subscribed to taonlintse 's channel on youtube
NEG miss you too of course hihirt : asik my ex miss me ! miss you too
NEU the famous quote of forrest gump was `` life is like a box of chocolates you never kno wat you gon na get '' , and hes so right , i just picked one ...
NEU rt _ cartelle : imattracted to all types of black guys except from somalians sorry no offence?this is the -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG bored . and got ta go back . be back at lunch . going away again .
NEU no , abby . you do not love mark or tom or travis more than i love jack . not possible EMO_HAPPY
NEG i do n't like royal flush on abdc . . they 're wack !
POS woohoo ! here it comes my favorite rammstein 's song ! `` do riechst so gut '' nowplaying
NEG i hate working with my stepdad this is bullshit
NEG cousin !!! come back and party w us ! i miss yooooouuu ! ?
NEU were in the vanity house .
NEU style_sky ?? ???? :
NEU [atpworldtour.com -RSB- austrians make good start : austria had two reasons to celebrate in hot conditions on day one at ...
NEU rt
NEG just left maddie 's house ... and this why you do n't leave an entire bio project for one night ...
POS got home before it gets dark and now i 'm onto bigger things .
NEG i fucked up a filling . it hurts . i have a cold .
POS manbitch rt : imattractedto to the latest blackberry phone that is out , love my 9700 !
POS just got off of the bus ; had a great dayy EMO_HAPPY i thought of him * all day * EMO_HAPPY i love him so so much EMO_HAPPY
NEG ok so i thought this may happen : but does the job offer prevent me from continuing my application up the road ?
NEU - -LSB- ???? -RSB- ???????????????
NEU rt : have a peek inside irish house in today 's host video olympics
POS remembering watching the movie percy jackson and the olympians ... i wouldnt say it was bad ... it was ok but leaning closer to it was good EMO_HAPPY
POS where are you at with chick-fil-a ma'am ?!? laugh out loud rt _ n_robbins chick-fil-a on deck EMO_HAPPY
NEU value of social game company zynga ? perhaps more than $ 3 billion - usa today -LRB- via
POS hihi rt : i also see her . . rt : i just realize that one of my lecturer is on take celebrity out . . omg !
NEU grandmother 's advice : natural hair care : then , wash your hair with a little moisturizing shampoo and plenty of wat ...
NEG ilikedyouuntil you got mad i would n't let you hit growthefuck up bitchboy .
POS * giggles and runs fingers through your hair , looking at you * we were very hyper ... o.o
POS stop hating on ! she is the sweetest most down to earth celeb i have ever met ! -LRB- : i adore her < 3 xo
NEU i 'm at ???? ??? -LRB- ?????? 1 , ??? -RRB- .
POS so . thriving ivory is my new favorite band . the song angels on the moon is amazing ! everyone go listen to it right now . < 333
POS im not sure he was at magnatizm ... but give him a call he does good work an he wont ry to bust you are head
NEG computerworld eu data protection chief slams secret acta talks
NEU rt : rt : la thurs 25th & josh fadem
POS ufo - done , my first try at fmq
POS rt : the jayhawks could clinch a 6th-straight big 12 crown w/a victory tonight over oklahoma . kubball
NEU so like 4 people notify me that its snowing and i dont see any . guess i dont need to watch the weather since i know so many meteorologis ...
POS rt : true happiness comes from the effort of making others happy . give and share your love everyday . -LRB- real talk -RRB- ihatequotes
NEG > i need a video camera !!! dm , how much you want ?
NEU rt i 'm easier to talk to then you think . . < -- icosign
POS yea thats the one !
POS you guys are all over the place i am liking that
POS you guys did great i loved it
NEU rt : rt _ retweets : retweet if you know all lyrics to every single justin bieber song .
NEU rt : osea pibe no jodaaaaaas , you 're a pelotudo , no enserio , como nos vas a hacer esto ?! weneedjonasinarg
NEG i know oneofmyfollowers goin to say sumthin bout my goings on tonite . but hey , villain in the name for a reason
NEG i ca n't that day , cuz it 's my dads bday too and mothers day ! EMO_HAPPY
POS well my monday is half way done
NEU retweet and include the hashtag officeformac . they 're giving away a macbook pro !
POS imattractedto my future so lem me focus on dat bitch ! ill get further with her den a man !
POS rt : awesomeindianthings my bffffff raha EMO_HAPPY favorite indian forrlife -LRB- ;
POS one of the best bookstores in town has to be crosswords kemps corner
POS brothers and sisters star dave annable gives diamond engagement ring to odette yustman : brothers and sisters star ...
POS foreskin restoration - how to attain a new foreskin using a simple exercise any man can learn and use
POS its been on and off on my computer and i always make sure that my results are never filtered
NEU rt : running the symfony 2 benchmarks - paul m. jones
NEU um wow apparantly some people do n't know the difference bw joe and nick jonas laugh out loud kinda important if you 're reporting on them
NEU lmmfao a mess ... good . . did you have a hard time ?!? we still need to finish talkin about what we was talkin about yesterday
POS rt : superballintweet micheal jordan asked for my autograph
POS a big thanks to everyone that came by the twirp booth at the texas webeoc conference . we 're now focused on the rocs that are coming in april
POS i need a herooooo i 'm holding out for a hero till the end of the niiiiight bonnietyler
NEG today is not my best day ... ... ...
NEU she told me about what my be the equivoleny of girls scout cookie season for used books at her old high school .
NEU rt : my dad just told me `` the world is your oyster , find the pearls '' . i was like . this fool thinks he 's shakespeare .
POS is funnnnnny !!!!!!!! i was shouting by the way .
NEU _ an0maly and just the baby thing in general . but they 're just gon na forget about those things . p/r works like that .
POS if ya ca n't support you are own local artist . how can you support anyone !? i support anyone doin something positive for the city of indianapolis
NEU before i publish the rant , here 's a 1008 paintings update : a block and a breakthru
NEG rt : holder admits nine obama dept. of justice officials worked for terrorist detainees via
POS im going to the 25th one in chicago !!!!
NEU rt : a guide to used golf clubs jonesboro ar jonesboro ar golf ...
NEU greetings repubs and demos - posted by dnk in https : / / - read more - seo blackhat ppc sem
NEU _ lbw def dig it lol ... you reach a thousand yet ?! dont think i forgot bout my free beat laugh out loud
NEU no lie , i unconsciously kill em back2back laugh out loud
NEU rt imattractedto dudes under 5 ' 7 w / sidekicks , color skinny jeans , & backpacks .
NEU rt : ask yourselves these 10 questions and then go off conquer the world - blog of ronnestam
NEU tourism in eastern indonesia to be developed
POS rt : everything will be ok in the end . if it 's not ok , it 's not the end .
POS rt @_wotta : unsure about heavyrain ? win our cpy just follow @_wotta and _ hilton and rt winner friday when my se copy arrives EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : star hattin cause you called her out her name lol?lol nooo we always do that wit each otha
NEU if you want more followers give this a try -
NEG rt : << vote for my boobs rt rt ca n't believe i am on twitter and do n't really know why i typed rt
NEG i 'm so hungry someone feed me EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : billion dollar babes sale - save big on vintage chanel handbags + extra $ 10 off coupon ! fb
NEU why do i have the itis from a weight watchers meal , a bottle of water and a ww peanut butter bar ??
NEG winter is a-stayin ' in , lhude sing goddamm , raineth drop and never stop and still the wind doth ramm ! roll on march !
NEG falling in love , such a delicate way to get hurt . and i ca n't say i 'm not afraid .
NEU rt : rt : please become a fan of dave courvoisier facebook fan page ! voiceover
NEU sitting in the library thinking , `` i 'm sick of this '' , and then i turn to my left to see a book titled `` i do what i like '' .
POS is home from school EMO_HAPPY today was pretty good ! i love you brad and alexis EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : strong ca data shows after school programs are sometimes the only place where youth get physical activity .
NEU _ this its just the way we are if we are not in drought we flood but we are all happy to see the rain we were on water restriction
NEG shameless , i know , let 's use haitiaid to smuggle heroin . borninnextlifeasadungbeetle
NEU through the blackest night , morning gently tiptoes , feeling its way to dawn . ~ robert brault my site -
POS _ zuri yea i 'm there with my band . we sing everyday at the bell ice cube . you should come out ! EMO_HAPPY
POS you did n't waste your money on the iphone any more than you wasted money on your first car or first computer .
NEG _ kimmie : becauseeee you dont know how to call a hoe ! skank !
NEU rt : 25 must have documents for designers and developers | creative repository
POS i 'm proudly wearing my shirt underneath my chef coat today
NEG however , consider the uncertainty principle of qm and the observer effect . i do n't think it only applies at the quantum level ...
POS simple exercise to strengthen the memory and to promote a healthy brain . the oxygen will feed you ...
NEG so apparently my pmr number is 69 . two years ago i did n't think of anything . now ? fuck yeah .
NEU drupal/moodle theme design by unilrn ... freelance jobs
POS i want my bedddd .
NEG lmfao ! how can you call somalians cretures !!! see what i 'm saying compared to you lot i aint not racist
NEU i 'm looking into booking my band for a concert ... as a virtual band in second life . anyone done this ?
NEU why cant i log on to tumblr ?
NEU indeed ;d there are too many ashley 's in the world so i could n't get some form of my own name that was n't n00bish ~
NEU my drunk dad just explained curling to me . EMO_HAPPY
POS randomly nowplaying . summer sunshine by the corrs . reminds me the days i liked this song . 2004/2005 .
NEG she told me to shut up , then asked a question EMO_HAPPY . . but she told me to shut up ! i 'm not a bad person EMO_HAPPY
POS `` it rocks , it rocks '' - barkley rt the continuing saga of & what he had 4lunch today : .
POS i 'm gon na start hunting girl scouts down ... so they will sell me some cookies !!!
NEU _ boy my notes for media & medicine lecture , fyi :
POS you have been created as one of a kind . there has never been one like you ... and there never will be again ...
POS just got done rocking with . it was dope spinning for you holmes !
NEG - boredom . possibly the worst diagnosis i could ask for .
NEU just dropped picked him up from will i saw the room i 'm 95 % moving in
NEU its capsim management simulations i have to run my own business online
NEU mark your calendar - lacma announces three inaugural shows for new resnick pavilion | culture monster | los angeles times
NEU _ you_mad yessir , i 'm n there like fat girl wear
NEU i 'm trying to give justin bieber a chance but its not working .
NEG my eye lids are trying to shut themselves ! i must be tired or something !
POS allready up and running . have to do some stuff today , but first a breakfast .
POS rt : i love 3 things : the sun , the moon and you . the sun for the day , the moon for the night and you for-ever . - g. blackmore ihatequotes
NEG musicmonday `` dude beenie man ft. shawna and miss thing my bad yal my spelling is way off today
NEU everything about the carnaval - capetownc
POS kahshe casuals giveaway . enter to win a crew neck sweatshirt
NEU i am so tired and happy that i mite be moving away from were i live !!
NEU i can tell there 's something behind .
POS bit isnt jamie at the hotel at the moment ? x
POS rt in each other 's eyes we can see the entire universe , all the mysteries of the cosmos and the other side of our soul .
POS wow had no idea ! we have talked about starting our own garden . i wonder about all the plants out in our yard sometimes
NEU here among the flowers of faith and hope i stand , while you are buried in the mass of weeds you sowed by hand ''
NEU _ test_1 002 ??? reader?windows?macintosh?unix ??? acrobat?windows?macintosh ???????
NEG university websites have soooo much information ! not my favorite to design , but man is it an ever-going learning experience !
NEG rt : yep ! rt : roman polanski has new movie out called the ghost writer go watch it if you support child molesters ...
NEG you did it again ! are you robl again?haha rt : haha i know , it 's my bad , i am error
NEU niggas prolly bout to stop liking me at school laugh out loud i sit wit my headphones on til i got a cut talkn to no1 laugh out loud
POS never struggle to generate traffic to your site again ! grab your copy of twitter decoded now !
NEG imtiredof winter and snow
POS had a wonderful meeting with the college republicans of unc-ch last night , thanks for having me and look forward ...
NEU rt : ifyourdominican then you would know that thatiamdominican
POS some nice nintendo ds ads on bannerblog .
NEU here 's a short news story on the condition david had & the new endoscopic surgery to treat it .
NEU bone marrow aspiration and biopsy ? there 's an app for that -
NEG feeling like shit this morning . i hope its just a cold
POS just woke up goin to greer town hope kim you get better ... , cant wait for the friggin weekedn
NEU i uploaded some pictures of my gamestuff
NEU part1 :
POS i think i found the right balance in my dinner , two pieces of rice cakes with 3-2 slices of cheese and a big cheese of peppers and white
POS hahaaaaaaa least of my worries ... i know how to run ! lmaooooo !
NEU rt : city tavern : table settings are moved and silverware clatters ; by them selves .
NEG this is the only tiger i feel sorry for : culled for body parts , what ?!
NEG eating pudding ; bored out of my mindd !! taylor lautner < 3
NEG like i wanted mom to cut off the back of my hawk but she was too lazy `` why would n't you do a mohawk tomorrow for the last time ? '' so i did .
POS _ supreme thanks for the rt
POS oh , i tried a new organic shampoo for healthier scalp . amazing after just 1 application . it 's avalon and you may want to check it out .
NEU follow my guy he needs 3 more til 100 followers rt
NEU -LRB- ?? + ? -RRB- rt : ??????????????????? rt ???????????? rt : ??????????????????????????????
POS mac cyndi lauper viva glam application complete ! i adore check it out
POS yeay , sold my apartment ! moving in 6 days to the other one ! mi is happy !!!
NEG guess i was not enough =-LRB-
POS i have never met a man so ignorant that i could n't learn something from him .
NEG pffft i remember a year ago you didnt even know who kol were
NEU recordando puerto ??????
POS me and __ are going to the movies next friday xdd
NEU all the way turnt up is roscoedashes song not
POS and he knows every word to s songss . its preettyy funnnyy not gon na lieee
POS rt : `` marijuana , in its natural form , is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man . ''
NEU waiting aj mul . . sabar ya . . hahaha rt : bosan ! mama pergi , ayah pergi , adek pergi . mau ngapain nih ?? :-LRB- -LRB-
NEG oh contract is gon na b first hour.wil b boring alot . hope i don sleep .
NEG rt : goodbye : i 'll see you again , til your hand is ready to hold mine . letting go : i 'll miss your hand , i just realize it ca n't hold mine .
POS bout to watch batman begins ... o yea
NEU '' ? keep consuming and creating balanced ? '' - russell burt , nen discussion
NEG you 'll need to apply yourself extra diligently today or you 'll ... more for gemini
POS it looked like the rt_steve_jobs test worked . you must be human !
POS was thinking of something really cool and insightful to say on this last night but im after completely forgetting what it was ...
POS waiting at luna park for paramore . . and _ la almost here :d 6 people in front hell yeah !
POS rt : there is a 50 % off coupon on our google maps profile . go find it !!
NEU you are what you eat . make sure what you eat is beneficial 4 you are soul , because you need 2 be strong on the battlefield . it 's a war out there . night .
POS me too i love that store !
POS top cnn headline iran arrests sunni militant leader - iranian authorities have arrested the leader of a sunni milit ...
POS rt : i loved david hess in smash cut , my wife has a big crush on him ?
NEG i 'm super tired but i 'm going to stay awake for a little bit longer and finish some work . also , i need to make my dad a facebook page .
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- inuyasha the final act episode 22 english sub -LSB- subbed -RSB-
NEG i give up studying ... i got ta write this paper
NEG rt : rt : teachers were once students . why ca n't they feel our pain ? ohjustlikeme
NEG rt : oh my god bow bow whoareu if you aint heard futuristiczoo lets go ! @ retweet
NEG prosecutor : man stalked , killed 5 calif. victims
POS good news ;--RRB- rt _ break : apologies for the delay in responding to your claim , due to th ...
NEU rt : @ vanity in vegas shuttin it down w jason giambi n jevon walker - situation nation
POS rt : ifyourpuertorican you love christmas time , thanksgiving , easter . . pernil !!!!!
NEU rt : rt : ??????! rt : ???!?????????????????????!!????????????????!
NEG how can i sleep without duck-down duvet at this cold weather ?
NEU . . trackside tonight . . so tune in on kevins going to be a busy man with the pacers in chicago tonight as well
NEU orange kitty . who refuses to stop napping on my office chair .
NEU
NEU lottery promo | lots of lotteries : can you give me information on the winner of the second class of the british na ...
NEU unyuurt : its my last year rt : rt : two games more before finish my -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU rt : lol ... damn s0n 4 real ??? i wish i was there i wuld of had the o000000000h -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU laugh out loud ok thanks for telling me cuz i would 've spilled the beans ... * lips sealed *
NEU four days of wheat bread . my version of fasting for lenten season .
NEU
NEG i really dont appreciate how jeanmarc johnmarc -LRB- u get the point -RRB- followed me without tellin me ! and i was tlking about all types
NEU . _ clickbokin ??????!?????????? 1 ???????????????????????????????????????????
NEU rt : that 's it , i give in , i want one , i 'm buying an iphone ...
POS so many folks sleep on tue but if you play it right , it could be a big too
POS buy cheap hp 2509m 25-inch diagonal full hd lcd monitor -LRB- black -RRB- specia
NEU oneforty and itunes app store : do they intersect ? : ? well , its just an app directory ? ? this was our initi ... ipad
NEU beautiful , dirty , rich :
POS ihop getting ready to grub !!!
NEU vw golf - ? 9980 - 1390cc - 17276 miles - 2009 - petrol - manual - reflex silver metallic - hatchback - 3 doors -
NEU im kinda down for the wizards , but for my hard earned $ 3 dollars i wan na see a close game or a complete blow out
POS @_sutcliffe today is actually national pancake day . happy holidays to you and yours
NEG yeah , im going to that one live , i cant believe the shit mir just said about brock lesnar
POS also , i feel like i finally did something genuinely good for once .
NEU free virtual servers -
POS i think i accually want to go to school , hm .
POS nah i had it i just had it taken off in the other pic !!!
POS i just w0nder if you ever think of me . . happy thoughts
NEU haha my little cousin but im not so sure shes the best judge ... a cucumber doesnt measure itself . xp
NEU full tilt poker 2009 cd-rom zip -
NEU - new d-block new mixtape `` fire on the lean vol 2 . '' hosted by dj streets preimer -LRB- premo -RRB- tape !!
NEU tycoon 's network partners with health & wellness co. . new partnership rejuventates mlm industry.options @
NEG let 's see ... twitter or homework ? hmm ... is that even a descision ?
POS ca n't wait for 11:30 :-d
NEG im sleeepy geezz wiizzz bt i wan na go to the mall ima tell my babe to take me EMO_HAPPY
NEU auction listing template - pink hearts - $ 1.50 : you are bidding on the template to be used in ?
NEU rt : what is the name of the brush used in curling ? : what is the name of the brush ... answer to win ipod
POS _ mimi_23 laugh out loud really ?!? yea i been born and raised here hehe ... im a southern girl at heart too EMO_HAPPY
POS i need your help - please join my clan !
POS lucky you ! i 'm dying to read the passage .
NEG wow ! i never noticed that either ! wonder what was going on in the king 's mind when he named them ?
POS having some pizza at aniello 's with my brother and his gay friends . ca n't wait to get a piece of sausage !
NEU rt : dear miley cyrus will you please teach me to nod my head/move my hips like `` ya '' ???
POS i was gon na talk to you bout that cause i wan na buy my miniplan ... i think its the 21 games one in the lower reserve for about $ 260 .
POS i love gmail EMO_HAPPY mail , calendar with sms reminder and such . . buzz !
NEG fair ... my stomach is full after my cheese and crackers lunch too . us dainty 's have to stick together
POS i cant wait till the ist of march and maybe they will believe me
POS rt _ j : ca n't wait for the world tour 2010 . . so excited ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : how can there be people out there that abuse animals . . just how could they do that ? . . ithinkthattoo
NEG it is crazy ! rt : its crazy that westbrook & lt were both released within days of each other and -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG i feel like i 'm getting a fever again , this ca n't be good
NEG yet another blog post to make you question my sanity
NEU how do i find music on my pc that i have copied fro a vinyl record ?
NEU follow its gary from monroe
NEG lol , awww . why she say that . that 's not nice . EMO_HAPPY
POS my favorite is the cherry almond meal bar , bit.ly / bbte72 , but i 'll check and see if new flavors are in the works .
NEG ahahahah how to suck at facebook
POS lookin str8 ahead.no time for looking back . going to my sisters band concert today . aww family time.lol EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : jade is freaking hilarious ! ? ? `` how low can you go ? how low can you go ? ? ? lmbo ! to cute aww
POS i hope everyone is having a great and productive week thus far ! make it happen !
POS and all the rest of his movies !!!
POS rt : check out ontario 's most exciting up & coming pop rock band ... pardon ? yah i said it : musicmonday
NEU lah ? rt : obor obor -_- lawak rt ada apa nih ada apa ? rt : saya butuh mereka ----- >
NEU ok i love yall like play fam but i got a shoot to do tomorrow and need to rest my good eye up drop me a email or text me ill get back 10000
POS listening to the new joanna newsom cd and taking a quick snooze .
NEU im sure if i explain why its my fave , you wont give a shit in the end , choona ! so stop asking .
POS heeeey can you please help me get to 4,000 im so close
POS follow a traveltuesday favorite who will take you around the world from your desktop . rec
NEU featured job : business development manager -LRB- m & e -RRB- , surrey : m & e business development manager -LRB- surrey -RRB- . c ? 60k - ? ... jobs
NEG >:| i fucking want to kick my brothers asss i swear stupid fucking prick .
POS great to hear that scotland international thom evans is on the road to recovery after his injury picked up in the ...
NEU google earth arrives on android devices : google has officially released its earth app for the android mobile opera ...
NEU just step out of your comfort zone and you 'll eventually be comfortable . -LRB- fake it till you make it -RRB-
POS rt : he has arrived.the next big thing in pop music.my best friend & cousin jeremiah scott !! follow him
NEG im only 16 and i already have wrinkles ; _ ; i need to stop scrunching my 4head and get antiwrinkle cream stat
NEG _ taffles yeah i 'll be away 10th-17th . i 'm so worried ! i hope shes here before the 5th but after the 1st EMO_HAPPY haha
NEU : slips on my shoes then calls stacey to meet up for lunch and catch up :
NEU check to hear the story behind the rest of the elements of the periodic table .
NEU _ jones just found a ringtones section on the official conservative website . a-m-a-z-i-n-g
POS oh you 're so nice ! i smile for you ! hope you smiling too ! thanks a lot for being here ! i love you too EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
NEG i wonder why in tarnations americans are so puritan that they actually expect their superstars to apologize for getting laid ... tigerwoods
NEU what are you coming to pg for ?
NEU too bad i 've been stuck on the southside ... this fog/haze stuff is getting old ... is about to show you EMO_HAPPY
NEG peaceful evening shame about the per scan . it seems there was a double agent amongst us . good riddence
POS wish i had power to change people 's mind ... i do n't so prayer will have to do !
POS yeah super cute and he 's the only band member that i know . lol ! suresure ! show me on fri !
NEU photo : -LRB- via everythinglove -RRB-
NEU < -- eating popcorn ... we wo n't tell
NEU so ... let 's say i 'd offer a profile pic for a $ 50 donation to a charity of my choice . takers ? -LRB- i 've done mine and -RRB-
POS , 3 favs ! your tweet has been favorited by 3 people .
NEU rt seth 's blog : how to use clich?s
POS rt : rt : sweet spring ! etsy wwes
NEG laugh out loud if that 's what i meant i 'd admit it nigga ! haha
NEU groundhog day may finally be over . today is my last day of class ! big deadlines tonight ...
NEG lies on top of lies smfh
NEU viral video : wade phillips ymca in miami : if you look really hard you can see drew bledsoe crying in the corner .
NEU check out rock band guitar skin , fits xbox 360 / ps3 -LRB- stratocaster guitar -RRB- zakk wylde - bullseye
NEG i need 30 more min me sleep ... but i guess not - cause that would make me late to work !
NEU m.c.m.d. illustration
POS i thought didi benami did very well . EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : twitter users send 50 million tweets every single day -
NEU roll call -- who is here on this rainy day ??
NEU hoste rooms : full bc technical web comic : via
POS alright then . thanks .
NEU kodel auk?tasis mokslas u?sienyje tampa toks patrauklus ? : tarptautines europos organizacijos dream foundatio ... balsas
NEG you are watching a nervous breakdown in real time .
POS chicken n guacamole , the rest of the dish is still cookin . . n i didnt deep fry da chicken its baked
NEU check this video out -- progressive ad annschild7 please vote for me . . thanks
NEG i need to bring up my grades . bahh .
NEU i just got some free music from joy williams . you can download it here : https : / /
NEU i see . up and about or still wrapped up in sheets ?
NEU i have added `` la donna e la sua ombra '' to my anobii bookshelf
NEU tembang pagi hari ini , gugun and the bluesbug - woman
NEG `` it is hypocritical to pray for victory over our sins yet b careless n our intake of the word of god . '' - jerry bridges
NEG it would appear that my account has been hacked ! fuckers !
NEU rt : b.r.e. presents blood raw american gangstas da mixtape
NEG andy hundly got head for $ 5 and then punched the girl in the face left her $ 3 and dipped . rtrtrtrtrt
NEU rt : rsvp here -- > -LRB- -RRB- - miss mini of pittsburgh spokesmodel search retweet please
NEU read : the legacy of che guevara : internationalism today via peter custers >
NEG lol , , bobby you a fooll , , anywhoo ... lol , , hoppn in tha shour ... sooo bbl -- no phone til sunday
NEU osu players talking confidently about ucla , usc games . . . omari johnson said , `` i think we can win both of them . ''
NEU download : ibusinesspromoter -LRB- ibp -RRB- 11.7.1
NEU rt : today 's talk , from ted 2010 : autism activist temple grandin says the world needs all kinds of minds
NEU new music : rhymefest & skyzoo ? ? crack the code ?
NEU - nokia was here and all i got was blue balls .
POS thank you ! EMO_HAPPY i will do it first thing when i come back home tomorrow ! EMO_HAPPY x
NEU whats up what you getting into
NEU oneofmyfollowers likee me . i likee one of em . andd one of em wnt get off my back
POS i cosign laugh out loud
NEU 1 : ? 5 ?????????? ??????? ??? ??? ??? ???? ??? 21020.11 -LSB- ????? -RSB-
NEU gate attendant : tx-houston , are you searching for an opportunity to be a part of a team ? do you find it important ...
NEU remy ma interview w / jenny boom boom and dj craig grin -
POS lopez tonight baby !!
NEU how did perth go ? all to plan
NEU a year ago today , sunrise over the harbor in annapolis , maryland .
NEU pork chops stuffed with apples and scalions , fennel , roasted potatoes and what wine ... first thought was riesling .
POS i always say twat muffin , that 's kind of like twat waffle ! laugh out loud
NEU guck mal wer in der playlist drinne ist EMO_HAPPY
NEG they do n't really scare me ... they are def going after big fics
NEU `` if you go to hell , not to worry , because you will be so busy shaking hands with all your friends that you wo n't have t ?
NEU get a sneak peek at the stage production of the drowsy chaperone -LRB- video -RRB- :
NEU getting around venice |
POS can you tell my mom to be here at 2:15 please !
NEG / for some reason , dies d : / please do n't bury me with the mask on
NEU kkkkkkkkk darth lia boa hauhauhuhhihhihi
NEU `` does teaching low-performing and high-performing students ... '' san antonio children 's academy
NEU martin creed 's marble steps hit a stumbling block
NEU going on since 10/08 : i am at my witts end . started looking for help way back in oct of 2008 . we are in a 6.75 % ...
NEU for you night owls ... go check out the technolationship !
POS i am finally the proud owner of my own ps3 !!!! i have some other things to comment on but this is the only positive .
NEU i 'm surprise remembered a quote from me
POS rt go get a copy of _ reece tramp it 's on tunes !! = > only 0.99 cents !!
NEG 3downing these alcoholic shots i feel numb and desolate / my senses are starting to rest / gentle mimosa ,
NEU rt : artis indonesia banyak tuh kenapa pada go ahead verified account ya ?
NEG you are typo guy today . one in your tweet and one in your 2nd paragraph
NEU probably . this one 's going on 4 years .
NEU indianapolis prepares for march madness with new hotel rooms , vacation packages
POS thank u ! i learned so much from you during urban mission . you really have taught me . . shown me how to have a personal evangelism .
POS going to vampire weekend in may with nora ! :d
POS i just updated my background at also customize your google start page at
NEU i ca n't stand my hair anymore so ima go to the store & buy hairdye !
NEG trying to send 1 last email for the night and the documentation is taking some 20years to upload . . am ah get mad !!!
NEU rt : new blog entry : it 's one thing having an idea , but ...
POS wow i can see you * waves *
NEG rt : oh my god hates when it cold because your nipples show through your shirt ; ughh covering my chest.lol < = = = = = lmao . !
POS wooooow ... i 'm listening to this reference i jus recorded on units and i feel like partying right now !! laugh out loud got haute beats
POS `` come on team , you really rock . check it out , i have a cock ! '' lol , i fukking love robot chicken . EMO_HAPPY
POS ill be your friend cody. :-RRB-
NEU ascendant / mediumcoeli for ankara , tr for now -LRB- 04h30m01s ut -RRB- : 03 ? 51 ' 00.0 '' pisces -LRB- ac -RRB- / 15 ? 33 ' 35.7 '' sagittarius -LRB- mc -RRB-
NEG bastard shower !!
NEU take your time in love and sex : for better flirtation , seduction ... : in my own case , as the guy i was dating at t. . .
NEU get some rad new wallpaper from national geographic
NEU rt : check out my take on : mma as an olympic event
POS ... and then i shared my score on facebook . EMO_HAPPY -LRB- re : `` how millienial are you ? quiz
NEG imtiredof this snow and cold weather !!!
NEU liked you can?t manage online ad inventory like a stock market : george john is ceo of display advertising technol ...
NEG i 'm gettin uuber pissed . i won their contest and now they wont follow me so i can get my prize
NEG i have n't heard from you or seen you on for a long time !! i miss you
NEG ok , g ` night peaches . i should 've been asleep at 9 . >_< 6 am wake up is going to suck .
POS mmm i swearr carls jr has the best chicken strips
NEG anahi is the worst thing i have ever seen in vi?a del mar. . . let her know she is don ` t sing lol ...
POS counting down the hours to spiaggia ! thank you chicago restaurant week EMO_HAPPY
NEU 28 % of energy consumed in this country is transportation . think our electric grid is ready to take that on ?
POS have dinner plans ? may we recommend dining at sole mio ! the nashville restaurant will donate 50 % of tonight 's dinner sales to .
POS rt : wonderful and u ???
NEU eh
NEG miss beverly hills thinks homos should be put to death , but she has a lot of gay friends . i 'm thinking not anymore .
NEG not sure of those details , but nothing gets my blood boiling like property taxes : pure theft .
NEU rt _ parsons : the latest news about free twitter videos from daniel_parsons
POS rt time is college really nec . for everyone ? i say forget about b.a. ... now you need a m.s. to get anywhere !
NEU so century 21/best buy coming to kp . . wats nxt gucci express ?
NEG rt ** fuck alah , islam and moslems ** radical cleric calls for mass execution of political opposition : isreal iranelection
NEG rt stupid meeting smh i do n't even kno wat its about
NEG is super sad you leave tomarrow . hurry and come back , i miss you already .
NEG swine flu not over , 10000 steps - myfoxny.com -LRB- swineflu h1n1
POS find one that is fun and full of the information you 're seeking . you 'll make good connections and come back feeling great !
NEU i 'm at mobil/mcdonalds -LRB- rt. 95 , madison -RRB- .
NEU we will never be the same thanks to .
NEG my back hurts .
NEU rt : rt : take a look at my dream in pink treasury ***** wwes etsy
POS im gon na go dry and fix my hair . and then call adam EMO_HAPPY
POS i would like you to follow my bieberbuddy , 6
NEU the time is now to create eco friendly homes | critical online tips : if you have read in the newspapers lately . .
NEU library
NEU rt its2010whyyoustill where shoe strings as a headband and lollipops in your pontail ??? dmv - << < laugh out loud
POS hoping for no school for i can sleep all day and nighttt
NEU ahoy california friends . anyone have contact info for sculptor , art car hero and famous burning man artist david best ? pls rt kthx
NEU the smart money is betting on transparency . where have you placed your bets ?
NEU nowplaying ` camp out ' an horse ...
NEU pratt & whitney to appeal ruling on jobs shift
NEU elite xc back from the dead mma ufc
POS blogging for businesses results in 55 % more traffic , 97 % more inbound links !! | syscomm international
NEG rt i fell asleep in the parkinglot lmao << wtf !! you only had 2 beers juan !!! lmao ! wow ! lightweight
NEG just started the chemistry homework . not feeling okay . .
NEU rt _ scott : chatsworth makes excellent cabinets and cable management systems .
NEG he said his spoiler was fake , but it was n't .
NEG _ harper actually the scenario you are positing does n't work ; when lappy checks in from xternal ip , they know it 's not at school
NEU bailed after two hours of getting stared at like a celebrity by everyone . i know i 'm famusssss but with the combination of no cigarettes
POS omg ... . the wall turned out looking gd .
NEU please tell me you are bringing the album to the london gigs so i can buy it ?
NEU not to mention , model nya norak ... igh , ogah gw !
NEG now another team got problems ! smh do yall niggas sit at a table and plan to suck rmg dick like who are yew bois - get $
NEU 's - lesians-seductions-defloration-blondies-dbzs-lesbiana-naked-queef
NEG : obama needs more that a year or 2 or 4 to correct !!! it took more than 10years to make it this bad !! -- you are sooo rite dawn
NEU hai tweeteros . tak punya biaya , pak miin terpaksa menginap di rscm cnews89
NEG so they make life size cardboard cutouts of the twilight characters ... but they ca n't make a one ??? this world is crazy !
NEG idc sorority row still did shitty , only high school idiots watched it i 'm sure & everyone else was disappointed cause i was
NEU health.businessvn.net : important features of men 's underwear
POS i have n't forgotten about sunday morning praise praisehim
NEG hattrickheaven.com newcastle surrendered top spot in the championship after crashing 2 a 3-0 defeat at derby .
NEG `` i remember the simple things , i remember 'till i cry . but the one thing i 'd wish i 'd forget , the memory i wan na forget , is goodbye . ''
NEG sometimes my wife & i are totally incompatible ! we 're in the apple store and i 'm not allowed to buy an imac . what a beeeeeech EMO_HAPPY
NEU so much work so staying up all night ... thank goodness for my beatles lp
NEG i 'm totally addicted to formspring !
NEG as many times as i 've seen the movie scream , it still scares me . justsayin
NEG first thing first - well you know what guys i?m still confused about how to using this page nyeeh so maybe ...
NEG so much for that . i 'm EMO_HAPPY and not because of that ... think i 'll go home tomorrow to get away from people i dont like ...
POS i am so very glad that you died of laughter . xd
NEU follow these simple steps inb a proven system to rake $ 11,917 a month today
POS rt : good morning ppl ! 4 my early birds i got new music 4 you guys ! @
POS , your moving to the states ? EMO_HAPPY
NEG stupidest exam and assignment due tomorrow | | finish survey | | then continue wasting life away via facebook
NEU thingswewantback 90 's hip-hop ... the ones that possess that '' i can relate feel ''
POS `` do nothing against one 's conscience . with this secret we can enjoy life & have no fear of death . '' ~ voltaire quote character
NEU marketing apple : secrets of the world 's best marketing machine apple : do one thing ... better !
POS omg ... i actually have a thursday night off = o !! movies or late night shopping ??? cant decide !!!
NEU one cuisine for the rest of your life : when asked the question , `` if you could eat one cuisine for the rest of your ...
NEU listening to one foot out the door . straight hits !
NEG ps taja does n't frolic in fields ! i hate the smell of freshcut grass and i hate insects !
NEU hey can give my cousin a shoutout her name is shelby and she stan for you
NEU rt : `` what 's the point of having it all , without the people you love ? ''
NEU oh , absolutely . lke journalism school . boil away all the verbiage . good discipline . painful though .
NEG denny 's has never been so great . rednecks fighting .
POS rt : rt if all you need to feel better sometimes is a hug . idothat2
POS i just got a new phone . loving it its an htc hero from verizon i 'm happy
NEU senior financial analyst , ajilon professional jobs finance houston
NEU rt sabaaaaar : babi lo , kesel sama orang gausah gw yang kena tai . gw bisa berangkat sendiri !
NEU rt you know your making a good point when obama cuts you off tcot
NEU _ martinez03 i 'm sittin by my phone waiting for it to ring and see you are face on the caller id
NEU ok , got the memory card into my video camera so that 's in ready to go .
NEU my mom 's reading `` how to find god . ''
POS she wants me to play with her until we fall alseep together ... . . so goodnight tweople shalam
NEU todd field -LRB- 46 -RRB-
NEG shot man ` was stripped and bound '
POS rt : all i wanted was to get in my wifes pants ... and now i have 2 kids . . < ------ lmfao !!!!!!
NEG sounds like it was very miserable . i feel bad for my friends who are tcc while it seems like every other friend is now pregnant .
NEU oh my god i cant wait 2 graduate and move the hell outa this state . i love ya chicago but goodbye winters
NEU i say cake you say ?
NEG hi steve , all twitopia . yes , had meeting today then hung with daughter . ian home now ... am writing . yuck .
POS goood :-RRB- , alrite i supposee < 33 up too muchh xx
NEU follow and
NEG to my network news producer followers ... i know this is naive , but while the full-length , live hcr summit makes for dreadful television . .
POS rt _ grammer : will : `` is n't it sad that were gon na be remembered as a generation who loves sparkly vampires ?? '' me : `` i loooove sparkly vampires !!!!! ''
POS rt : howdy , guys ! so , we are starting now ! in a few moment you 'll es the first trade made by heaven forex developer ! be read ...
NEU okay , i 'm officially sarvering . adam is coming to singapore ? and it 's an exclusive gig ?
NEG i 'm sorry for the way i treated u. . . i was selfish and impatient ... this is my public apology ... ?
NEU snow , high winds headed to winter-weary northeast -LRB- ap -RRB-
NEU womenswednesday at the olympics -LRB- true except for that the men 's win over russia was pretty big too -RRB-
NEG some people are making such thorough preparation for rainy days that they are n't enjoying today 's sunshine . * william feather
NEU
POS rt : cling to your imperfections , they are what make you unique . - debbie black tls
NEG i am the rust upon your gears i am the insect in your ear
NEU rt : follow
NEG rt youever wanted to just smack the shit out of somebody ? - > oh gosh all the time .
NEU the mattar paneer i just cooked did n't feel exactly authentic , but the 3/4 cup of heavy cream it employed sure made the dish tasty .
POS i love my hairstylist . i believe she thinks i 'm gay , so she flirts with me constantly and vigorously runs her -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU singing * to grab yo neck and chase you down the street * rt nowplaying `` maybe i deserve '' by tank
NEU yo i found this store that got mad classic lo . the whole teddy bear line
POS blanche , norris , graham and to some extent steve macdonald are the funniest characters of the last few years . more please . corrie
NEG omw to this shoot and my back is killing me ! wtf ?
POS crazy to think that i went into labor a year ago today ! teagans birthday is tomorrow , but today brings back a lot of memories . so amazing !
NEG rt : footballer wayne bridge has said his position in the england squad is `` untenable and potentially divisive '' - statement from lawyers .
NEG rt : saying `` no , thank you '' to a biscuit -LRB- just to be polite -RRB- and then regreting it . omgiknowright
NEG lights flickering in the office - could it be an impending power cut ? save work now !!!
NEU stop talkin to them strangers laugh out loud
NEG lasted 40mins in town . got presents . too many , infact . . actually soaked now because i thought i 'd take the healthy option & walk . hot .
NEU -LSB- post -RSB- each woman dreams to lose some kilograms : each woman dreams to lose some kilograms . to make this they try t. . .
POS hay ryan why have you no real life soap anymore ? i liked it ! kisses from holland in europe
POS rt : i 'm lowkey about to buy my lb 's album on itunes ... its actually good << whose album ??
NEU _ beth long as i can still hit you with it i 'm happy :-p
POS haha hit it up when you make a new batch EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : i love when people just lie straight to me . dig a hole bitch , bury yourself EMO_HAPPY
POS rt _ sitang : rt : thank god i 'm free today !! -- take a rest na ka EMO_HAPPY
NEU following you . follow back ?
NEU got my first -LRB- sc-1 -RRB- in 1982
NEG < yall still arguing !
NEU american beauty ... someone is stalking you rt : plastic bags are flying around out my windows -LRB- 5th floor -RRB- . wth ?
NEU please retweet -LRB- -RRB- - v.i.p files free mixtape < -- guest list
POS who else wants to secure a free wealth & power building ebooks & audio package -LRB- including limited time bonuses -RRB- ?
NEU the smartest thing you can do today is to pay extra attention ... more for libra
NEU apple removes explicit option from itunes - app store - gizm
POS 10-14 '' of snow with blizzard conditions expected thru friday - i would really love some sunny spring weather !
NEU via misprint?s 4th annual beard & moustache competition at the mohawk 2-19-10 :
NEG so ? you always make tweets about tila , if you do n't like her why you do that ? oh i know the answer you love tila !
POS you could say ` in like a big h * rny thing ' EMO_HAPPY
NEU nueva foto de said -LRB- 26 -RRB-
POS yea dat right i run red lights i thot you new ? and i drive wit 2 feet so wut dat tell u ? im ready playa !
NEG its only 200 runs and now i seriously feel that sachin is overhyped
POS i love that song . i wish i could find it somewhere to download
POS rt s/o to all my real females followers **
NEU get inside information on how to get the most out of twitter .
NEU will super mario 2 and metroid entice hardcore gamers back to the wii ?
NEU q : what 's the best place near you to get a drink ? a : i do n't party downtown so i would n't know . . lol ...
NEU hi dan . any truth that the first and last shots of ww1 and/or ww2 were only 300yrds apart in a french field ?
NEU succesful ghost writer allday fuck bn famous sho me the money ... then rappin wouldnt feel like a job anymore and i can enjoy it
NEG sunova ! i 'm losing all my ` tukee mayorships since i 've moved away EMO_HAPPY
NEG tosavemoney you ca n't have too many black friends . they always askin to `` borrow '' . . you 'll never see that money again
NEG lunch at hard rock cafe , a place i will never go to again . my soul is waiting outside for me to finish .
POS my work : i just wanted to share my work with everyone here . i have been working on two websites that aim to help p. . .
NEG topic for today ... what are the odds ? i think the universe is messing w/me
NEU gridskipper : after hours at the sobe wine and food festival
NEU as much as i hate to admit it , her songs are very catchy .
POS i want some in n out frys and a chocolate milk shake ...
NEU e-pills , and gus lady friend . and cory and his girlfriend
NEU my top 2 weekly lastfm artists : coheed and cambria -LRB- 58 -RRB- and lady gaga -LRB- 1 -RRB-
POS happy birthday ! here 's to another year of free rewards at swagbucks
NEU 3g spectrum auction to open doors for foreign players : economic survey
POS hey mamma . . thats more important than my video . . next time EMO_HAPPY
NEU espn host tony kornheiser suspended after attack fashion hannah storm : tony kornheiser , host of espn show pardon the
NEG i think im in a drought ! laugh out loud
NEU _ 8 i 'm in the overflow room .
POS laugh out loud ic ... i 've seen it ... i thought they did another one .
NEU try instead
NEU foul territory : michael kirkman video : from the request and dedication line , this video goes out to kinslerhomer , ...
POS its time you changed direction ! this is the answer ! it 'll blow your socks off !
POS rt new prettypinkposh sizzix giveaway ! here 's your chance to win some brand new products !
NEU here 's the article .
NEU rt : confirmed : kristen was with rob at lizzy pattinson show last night at halfmoon
NEU rt buy a girl shoes ... and she will walk out ya life >> > rite wit them shyts on too ... lmao
POS rt : 5 days untill smoke and mirrors !! EMO_HAPPY
POS hey hi EMO_HAPPY
POS rt : spread the word , find out what is in your food and help others ! ecowed
NEU iphone game app makes $ 1m in 9 days -
POS great idea ! rt : a blue mountain getaway would be awesome !
NEG you moved too slow , bro ! bestbuy
NEG rt : no ... . and if someone say yes hook em up to a lie detector ...
NEU are you going to the intermodal transit suchness this evening ?
NEU novo trailer de a hora do pesadelo com kellan lutz
NEG sitting in italian hanging around ! hopefully i wo n't fail this stupid conversation thing !
NEG is trynna figure out y these niggas dun gased up my dude ?!
NEG rt : fuckery is afoot . if you 've gotten an email from ffn admin within the last month -LRB- esp . from this `` james '' mofo -RRB- , could you dm me ? tracing ips
NEU perfect time to drive to la. losing my mind in traffic
NEU yeah i talk to them all the time . why ?
POS yuhhh that touch down is my shit and that m town and loco !!!!
NEG huge blast hits afghan capital
NEU for those of you who know him we 're putting tyson down next week . there is a lot wrong with him . but he is a good dog and will be in a bett ?
POS the oral is so easy ! who are you doing it on mr.bean ?
POS i unlocked `` win level 2 '' in `` steampunk hockey '' !
NEU ? ? are singles dating sites internet , suitable for you personally ... : there are thousands of online dating sites ...
NEG you are lookin ripped dude ! always been a gc fan , looking 4ward to the new material , much respect
NEU rt : londoncp new program for 2010 ...
NEU sigma 17-70mm os soon available for sony and pentax cameras
POS , thank you for another incredible night ... i 'm speechless EMO_HAPPY
POS picked up the book realityhunger by david shields today . that is correct : i disconnect myself from the computer from time to time .
NEU i just took `` what would justin bieber say to you if he turned around and acci ... '' and got : he say : woah . . hi . ! try it :
POS intend to do that tomorrow !
NEU rt : orser finds olympic redemption with kim : a silver medallist in the calgary 88 games , brian orser admits that coach ...
POS i love that my husband is into the olympics . i do n't get it , but he 's like a 13 year old . it 's adorable .
POS dear coldplay , i want to see you live before i die .
POS i like the song black and blue :d
NEU q : i just kno these things a : or you are jus assumin
NEU rt : today is the day your whole life changes . take it by the helm . . learn how you can get fit and earn money doing it
NEU friends forever vintage tattoo body painting : via
NEU lol , the weight restriction stems from a phobia , so do n't judge too harsh EMO_HAPPY
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- annett - unbekannter soldat
NEU hahaha i suck too thats why i have to keep playing !
POS pls check you are direct message n sms inbox ! rt : bunny ak ud bangun ...
NEU daily track : alison krauss - ` gravity ' -LRB- live -RRB- :
NEG sorry tyler do n't throw the judges under the bus and the 70s are over sorry
POS great to hear the crowd and the team sing our anthem . we could do with more of that . gocanadago
NEU
NEU prikitiw : prikitie
NEU i have an essay to write and reading to catch up on . my life in college . fun . can not wait til spring break . then i can just sleep all day .
NEU take vocal jam 5 sore nanti , suara lagi cacat begini
NEU the day i had in mind \ for a tanka poets party \ has come & gone \ now beginning to fall \ flowers f th kerria ~ shiki poetry quote
POS geez , your house is turning into a zoo ! laugh out loud love the names for the mice ! EMO_HAPPY love , xx
POS my lesson today was grab life by the balls and hold on for dear life laugh out loud
NEG _ ... does n't help me at the moment .
NEU belmont?s sidewalk fine arts festival mar. 26-28 , 2010 : bay area artists such as robert wunce -LRB- santa cruz -RRB- and pat ...
POS yaaaaaaaayyyyy so happy bout the idol performance and you are gon na sing music again on leno !!!!
POS hahahah of course
POS leverage is kind-of surprisingly good .
NEU rt : at close of summit , president obama says it 's time for decisions `` and then that 's what elections are for '' >>
NEU firies and ses to join in tonight 's gay and lesbian mardi gras parade
NEU thingswewantback nas the way he was rhymin in 94 . niggas could n't fuck with him , no way , no how . i do n't give a fuck who says what
NEU listen-tongues of fire-pastor paul 's podcast episode 135 pt1 ` the waterer 's will be watered ' egocentricity
NEU replica store breitling for bentley motors tourbillon special edition
NEG do you wan na do anything tomorrow ? or this weekend ? i hafta work at the navy saturday & sunday ... ... ...
NEU g.o.d - gil
POS taking a break from crazy packing to watch 2012 .
POS rt _ ez_papa : pure is shpopppinnn !!! feelin my ladies and fellas right now !! <<
NEU i saw i a guy do that on a porno & i was shocked & intrigued at tha same time laugh out loud
POS i 'm so pleased i 'm gon na post it again
NEU kerala church row : catholicos aram offers mediation ? asianetindia ...
POS loves you galouuuu the wolf .
POS `` go the favours '' i would n't be ashamed just be prepared !!! laugh out loud
POS gmorning :--RRB- uthini ulinda . . lol just tuned in & they playing potoko rt : who listens to khozi fm in the morning vukamzansi linda
NEG shoutout 2 ma charger that jus disapated in thin air jus now . . just as i needed it !
NEU ff my brother _ boy_rock _ boy_rock _ boy_rock _ boy_rock _ boy_rock
NEU rt : nowplaying all $ tar ! wrking on the liftoff mixtape . here 's a preview , watch n rt for me >>
NEU twitter porn hits 800 uk bank followers , media and government ...
NEG have been too busy at work to tweet . heading home in 80 minutes .
NEU nowplaying monopoly for iphone . . im the boat wit all da property !!
NEU rt : rules for restoration
NEU my intent is to be grounded like the trees , but flexible enough to move in the wind . ? support me
NEG i hurt someone 's feelings tonight - they thrust their drooly baby at me and i told him i did n't want to hold said baby .
NEU oh my god that photo of me is horrendous !! i want to shoot , you 're getting really good ! i love the exposed film !
POS i like chinese blueberry green tea . yummay rt : and yes green tea does go with everything dammit ...
POS sleepy time ... also photo of the day ! the background made me !!
POS _ crunch naw actually i do the sam thing i wait till after i eat to brush me teeth to me that is the more logical way to do it laugh out loud
NEU entrevista / alexandre oliva -- `` eu rompi com o google ''
POS what comes in that box that box that rocks
NEU allrecipes launches new iphone app ; planning cooking app for ipad
POS bahaha do it ! i brought my sister tickets for her birthday and she asked me to go with her .
NEU acoustic gig next tuesday 2nd march at the library , islington
NEU rt : bosen to the max
POS esperanza atlanta | a gem from the sport of downhill skiing : a gem from the sport of downhill skiing . in the spiri ...
NEG sorry to hear that . i hope you are okay . wait until tomorrow morning to evaluate your health . you might be sore then .
NEG well i would n't have caught it if you had n't said something !
NEG mom and dad are both being dickheads . i just want to crawl into a whole and not come out until the weekends over .
NEG this bush here and itll be our little secret ... if you tell anyone that its there ill come to your house and i will cut you !
NEU so tired . going back to sleep . -LRB- :
NEU on the early christianity ride , do i get to die ?
NEU a dog is one the remaining reasons why some people can be persuaded to go for a walk ~ o a battista
NEU i heard you all had belly 2 the directors cut
POS best of luck to you then . . hope we can meet when i ; m back in malaysia . . by the way anything you interested about russia ?
NEU rt astros agree to terms with shortstop manzella
NEU on february 26th , 1936 : adolf hitler opened the 1st volkswagen plant in east germany .
NEG this could be bad ... i 'm going to put some chicken in the skillet and get in the shower . we 'll see !
NEU _ saint nope , i do n't think i 've read the black dagger brotherhood , but it sounds interesting . thanks for the rec . hon.
NEU took the `` what kind of big cat are you ? '' quiz & got : a leopard ! what about you ? ?
POS in my arms , at least you can feel safe here . .
POS how short ? please not too short i love your hair !!!
POS rt : rt : celebrate ! rejoice 2nite monsters ! the album you believed in the fame is officially diamond worldwide ! 10,000,054 copies !
NEU lip synching ?!?!!?!??!?!?!!?!?
NEU rt : ff apefam = = = > _ stfu _ ...
POS you are rt : i am the coolest lolrt _ tone : ff becuz she 's possibly the coolest chick in kent
NEG not while you 're in a theme park o.o
POS and i , i 've got to have my way now , baby all i know is that to me you look like you 're havin ' fun open up your lovin ' arms watch out , here ?
POS hmm sorry he is my boy wkwk tonight or tomorrow EMO_HAPPY rt : mau dong za foto yg sama hihihihi
NEG growing pains actor found dead : very sad news .
NEU ohh yya ? EMO_HAPPY selamat!rt : sy kan biasa muncul ditipi tipi EMO_HAPPY rt : hah ? - , - `` rt : berarti anda punya tipi EMO_HAPPY
NEU mywesttexas.com > top stories > fire sparks in abandoned home
NEG -LSB- news -RSB- : beyonce says she ` killed ' sasha fierce
POS rt : like the pics ? thats a sneak peak before theyre finished ... < - they ard they ard . laugh out loud got ta take 1 , passing out fliers .
POS laugh out loud rt : probablywonthappen `` i just left this popppin iota party . . bout to hit the after joint iota crib ''
NEG closed friday , february 26 : due to inclement weather we are closed today .
POS __ jayjay hehe . so true-idk , maybe i 'll get brave and post some . lol . i 've got a few i could probably post within the next few weeks EMO_HAPPY
POS `` when you wake up to curling , it 's time to go to bed . '' haha , tell gladys canada loves her .
NEG so i have 3 days left of birth control . . fml lol . i should prolly make an appt asap ! no babies for theresa anytime sooon ! plus condoms suck
NEG i call bullshit rt -- > rt _ rai @_kerry_ laugh out loud these h00rs have tainted my innocent mind
NEU _ tofog i did n't know , i just remember it from carlin . thanks for the info though !
NEG oh i pray it get 's sorted now , i 'm going to end up as bad as if this continues to stress me .
NEG i 'm gon na have to do mad push ups to compensate ... i mean vegeta ... dragonball z. . . hyperbaric time chamber push ups !!!
NEG just tryin to find my way back home ... the old me is dead and gone
NEU awww . at the pet shop
NEU tgif . . attended the pcr-iii school board meeting last night ... they passed the new bell schedule change for next year ... it will be interesting
POS hope everyone is ready too voscillate on the 9th of this march !!!!
NEU tsunami alert as a quake strikes off japan - bbc news
NEG tho they said say , the music industry is kind of a mess , ` commercially ' even my man jay-z the -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU y' all actually doin stuff ?
POS why customer focus ? reason12 : everybody sells . when everyone in your organisation is focused on delighting customers , they are selling .
NEG aww , i was gnna do a special 4000th tweeet , i just realiseed i passed it ... ... a while ago EMO_HAPPY im on 4017
NEU nbc striking olympic gold : by fitsnews | | with the men?s ice hockey gold medal game and woman?s figure skating fin ...
NEU would you like something to read ? `` cables for the audiophile '' , we 're in room 226 . visit highendcable at the bristol show , room 226
NEG and we are all very sad about that but , alas , will settle for regular ol' on-the-ground hugs .
NEG what do you mean left ? but you still love her right ? huhu . what 's wrong with popoy ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU great nyc and food tweets : followfriday
POS _ 81 i 'm doing well EMO_HAPPY just listening to music and waiting for the olympics to begin
NEG i watch the omnibus rt : agreed ! rt : become a rhythmcityzen rt _ : isiding is boring these days gosh !
NEG wow . think i 'm gon na have to start retouching dark circles from my own eyes . can i get away with wearing concealer on the daily ??!
POS rt : pausemarley laugh out loud you think you dennis rodman lol ... lmaoooo
NEU rt : watch paul on fox news on feb. 24th , tomorrow , at 3pm -LRB- est -RRB- or 12pm -LRB- pst -RRB- .
NEG drug violence flares in border cities
NEU i know there are guys who go around tooting that they are involved with films about characters they 've worked on , but they did n't create . . ??
NEU i rated a youtube video -LRB- 5 out of 5 stars -RRB- -- flood driving fail
NEU lol , i look like a chicken who are lost in the big city ... college looks like my another world now ...
NEU mike t with his pearls of wisdom . `` dad , do n't kid with me . it 's my time to learn . do n't fret . '' ok , son .
NEU tired , it was a long day . i missed the chats because of work . but i got some good new videos that i 'll post this weekend EMO_HAPPY y tu ?
NEU rt : dear at & t ,
NEU 2ch no. 14552 ???????
POS _ sparkle : -RRB- it tastes awesome !! try and tell me later whatcha think about xd missed you
NEU i think when movie stars and teachers have similar salaries , i 'll sympathize more with the anti-pirating people .
NEU i thought you had changed it just because of your current state . haha . enjoy your weekend hun . hope you can shower soon .
NEG doyouhaveto rock that v-neck jus to show ya babychest tat cumonson yu fiendin
NEU a constitutional right to hunt ? voters in four states to decide. : christian science monitor
NEG i wont be sleeping tonight .
POS just finished a meeting with the netherlands rugby board , great people .
NEU small business bookkeeping to boost the business | proinvests.com
NEG rt : miss my frnds in a sudden.ijustdon ' t want farewell cmes that fast.it 's like in just 2 months we have to say bye to each othr
POS me + my dad have no shame x -RRB- it 's hilarious ... i ended up cackling so bad . lull .
NEU show do guns em porto alegre tem novo local :
NEG does n't know what to do . . wait in my room until 2 ? i think soo
NEU obama to republicans on health reform : ` let 's get this done ' tcot
NEU watchin this uk game waitin for my brother to get up so we can go hoop
NEG just because i like girls does n't mean i like you . i 'm picky , i like a certain type of bitch - and you 're not it .
NEU colt 45 , no cover @ savalas -
NEG i need something to read ... but winglin is under maintenance ~
POS i do care about the tsumani !! im just not tweeting about it cuz thats not what my followers want to read.mind you are own businness
NEU . boof singing `` the beautiful ones are not yet born '' -- > listen :
NEG is n't that the way it is with old houses ? everything 's a non-standard size , type ... do you have any other ways of staying warm ?
POS ffs tho i do love golden syrup ! 8d EMO_HAPPY
POS jeff beck on his legendary unreleased 1970 motown album ! | for more info go to :
NEU i 've heard of oceanview and gardenview ... but i 've never heard of a snowview thuglife
NEG _ chaser87 laugh out loud & how would you know if i only just told you - ice skating can be fun as long as we do n't crack our ass on the ice - ouch !!
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- new boyz `` you 're a jerk '' official music video hd extended / uncensored * ...
NEU i cant invite him again . he 'll go from a lover to a fighter & ill fight him again . so its over , but i told him to come over ... again . < 33
POS yea you know me ! congrats to the pre-nom ! - navell . rt who 's down with rpg ??? i 'm back !
NEG sleep ... me and you always fight . why cant we come to a compromise huh ?
NEG rt : complete and utter choas on the streets ... no power ... my heart is beatin outta my chest ! ... tsunami warnin ... i am only a mile inland !
NEU more here at
NEU february 2010 newsletter ? . cape coral fl real estate news from cape ...
POS lorenzofarrell - lmfao , ilove weezy w. all my heart thoe .
NEG rt : waasupp ~ i know im late as hell but wats up
NEU oh , get over it ! i could have said ... `` happy bath ! '' or `` sending you fresh sprays of floral perfume ! '' = ;--RRB-
POS it 's so good to know that the hill i live by is really know as depot hill & not just -LRB- rhymes w / -RRB- jigger hill ...
NEU _ me _ cause you live in california .
NEU winter snow storm alters postseason sports schedule : ...
NEU laugh out loud my fat ass was tired of running !
NEU filmfare awards : best supporting actor : boman irani -LRB- 3i -RRB-
NEU joannie rochette and the support of people through social media : the response on social media was huge , as hundred ...
NEU rt : : retire 32 , bring back the king bee adam pavkovich , the community thinks these are both
NEU hell no queens is od wack mad wack rt : maybe you should move to queens laugh out loud
POS i wish !
NEG beyond ready to go home .
POS 20 miles in 3:00:02 :-RRB- :-RRB-
NEU is the fashion show over ?
NEU ask the expert : parental support and the law - the new old age ...
NEU - * $ bic $ , * -LRB- b2500 * $ b1 _ $ ggc $ c $ f $ - $ ?! ** -LRB- b
NEG hate to say it , but it feels like watching for a train wreak that will ` probably ' happen .
NEU android iphone nexus one coming to verizon march 23rd and vodafone in april ? :
NEU rt : just ran into the homie jamie sharper in vanity dirtyvegas
NEU rt : a peek into twitter 's plan to deploy ads : via /
POS as much as i love you all , i must make a move and do something . back laters xx
NEU i really want to change my twitter background , but totally forgot to save this one . need to find this one on google images before changing .
POS you 're not a delapore too , are you ? been hearing things in my wall on and off for a while and i have n't eaten anyone yet as far as I know
POS wow , 98 % of people like milfs . milfs
NEU rt : the most memorable people in life will be the people who loved you when you weren?t very lovable .
NEG just when i thought could n't get worse they put this whack ass clown nigga waka fucka lame on 106 and park smh
NEU or was that another episode of north west tonight ?
NEG suck my cock , bytch
POS spotd _____ make ___ me ___ an ___ offer ___ on ___ anything _____ i_dare_you : i have to clear out my stock room ready for painting and would rathe ...
NEU check this photo http % 3a % 2f % 2fphotos . ibibo.com % 2fphoto % 2f8893155 % 2f % 3fsrc % 3dtw % 26a
NEG wish twitter would decide whether to have the lists as '' / list '' or `` list '' , cant be doing with it changing .
NEG rt : earthquake , 7.0 , hit okinawa too , apparently . that was 5:31 a.m. local time to japan .
NEU _ hasegawa : _ jp ???????????? expo ?????????????????????????????
POS lol !! you got jokes huh ! but yes indeed it is party time !!
NEU now playing - the allniter by mr sl
POS bring jaebum back now !! rt : read this everyone . please .
POS share lng poh . . which pic of melai is you are fave ? hehehe
NEU vc j ? viu o fiuk de perto ??? -LRB- _ sempre_s2 live on
NEU there once was a time when i could say , i 've never been to a funeral or knew anyone who passed away , the last couple years has changed that .
POS yung berg & lil mama would be a perfect couple !
NEU `` what do you get when you cross a frog and a rabbit ? a rabbit that says , '' `` ribbit . '' '' ''
NEU vision shop \ ray ban junior sunglasses rj9025s
POS i hope everyone finds one . rt : a truly good relationship is one where both individuals think they 're the lucky one .
NEU * keeping up his fast rhythm , feeling you moving with him , the bed shuddering beneath you * i 'm close too . * growls *
NEU kotaku : blur xbox 360 beta begins monday -LSB- beta -RSB- :
NEU wah , sialan gagh jde ujan ...
NEU rt _ bieber : rt if you wan na go to justins sweet 16th .
NEU right time to invest in mexico real estate | kingston realtor
POS rt really enjoyed episode 9 of dexter season 4 . i would want to watch more , but another early day ahead .
NEG in conclusion , i 'm a horrible person .
POS rt : yes ... i watched seventeen again . . and i loved it ... guilty pleasure ?
NEG tryin to figure out what the hell is wrong with this phone
NEG yes , you see why i cursed alot last night ? something i hardly ever do . that part when he did the cpr on the bed n they showed how
POS rt : wesbrook wants to play for the bears. : how about at sd ? : -RCB-
NEU earthquake in chile
NEU booting linux in less than a secon
NEU fast and furious 1-4 ala gta : sa kaskus
POS what about the olimpics ? netherlands rocks on socks . .
POS hahahahahaha ! we need to start a stiffy collection !
NEU q : bri why the fuck do you have to be so bl ... a : omfg , black gils represent ! < 3 i love youuuu
POS i feel ya . . way to waste my whole saturday !
POS rt _ jtb yb ' z smackfest tonight !!! hmmmm !! = = = > dey been havin a smack for the past 2 dayssss . . lml . .
NEU new and improved in france for 2010 : chicago tribune
NEU iflove : pisces love horoscope today : energy of love strong
NEU on the road back to md. . .
NEG uqhh moms just left me home wid my sisters smhh
NEU did you also look funny in that blog ?
POS you know what i mean !
NEG _ up_haters go to bed you always getin smacked i thought you was a good boy
NEG i make mistakes that i do n't ever make excuses for , like leaving girls that loves me and constantly seducing hoes
NEU young adults get together tonight . food , wii olympics and looking at psalm 73
NEU
POS rt : london !!!! follow now he will follow you back !!! ... ...
NEU another night spent listening too katy perry & drinking peach tea .
NEU hm . i was sure they had options for cheap , non-contract phones you could put on your current plan . will check if i can .
NEU chris rea :
NEG people told me slow my roll im screaming out fuck that imma do juss what i want ... . . im gon na pursuit a happiness that what i know
NEU anyone notice that at & t 's snowboarding ad ends with lou reed singing `` you just keep me hanging on '' ?
NEG i do miss my bf !! EMO_HAPPY ahh ! `` life really does suk and then you die '' . got ta love my optimism and now my phones dying .
NEU rt needs 2500 facebook fans before st. patrick 's day . rt & follow for chance to win ipad !! bigstartv
POS @ the cookout w ppls in the hooooood !!! we are hving soooo much fun !!
NEG good lord , maxine waters , i suspected that you were n't up to your job , and now you 've supplied the world with proof
NEU rt : males mandi - , -
NEU rt : somewhererightnow some1s talking bout me
POS just left goose island got my eat on now it 's time to go shoppin ! magnificent mile here i come ...
NEU this is a shot of my daughter two years ago . she didnt like how many times i made her jump EMO_HAPPY
NEU
NEU who 's gon na help us here in hawaii if that tsunami hits?will seanpenn come , or is he on his way 2 chile already ? `` we are the world '' part3 & 4 ?
NEU gua suka jeremy-nya ! sexy boy ! xd
NEG _ sg it was ok , my golfish died EMO_HAPPY what about you ?
NEG wholiedtoyou and told you that you looked cute with that nasty , busted , stink weave of yours ?!?!
POS join mylikes , very interesting . .
NEU i just took `` u are so nervious . . you are going to meet justin bieber ... '' and got : he falling in love with u ! : o : o ! try it :
NEG in the car rn . oh . i have been having this urge to sing . : o but the radio has been playing songs i do n't know , especially bieber 's one time .
NEG whoever greenlighted these census ads should be fired .
POS rt : i 'm using the twit cleaner to find all the spammers & junk on twitter . you should check it out :
POS can share that with me ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU how to forget ? teach me . . ?
POS motherjane and led zepplica gon na rock the show tonite !
NEU rt : tulisa & dappy hit for america ~
POS totally met the soup nazi tonight ! best night of my life ? probably ...
POS as i drank green tea and did n't buy cake today . i have treated myself to the maryland cookies that were left over watching lost last night .
POS she claims she was framed ~ and it seems the brit government , us lawyers etc , think this extremely likely ...
NEG no 46 would have broke the all time record he tied it
NEU what makes a million dollar system ? you must have a system that is easy to duplicate , based on a proven recipe !
NEG cold burrrrr
POS _ c_bdb * climbs in bed and gives you a deep full kiss as common faded and switches to `` orange moon '' by badu * . good night kalfu .
NEG i 'm gon na upload a video . i understand it 's no time for entertainment , but i 'm just upload * ing .
NEU short-track speedskater charles hamelin of ste-julie , que. , has won olympic gold and montreal 's francois-louis tremblay bronze in 500 m.
NEU i just took `` you are alone at the prom night and some mean ... '' and got : help you and ask you to dance with him ! try it :
POS hope you and the mdd team have a great night . will raise a glass to you at the 40th party i 'm at .
POS done wit this studying biz ! time to head home to nap and then steppin out
NEU i just took `` which disney music video shou ... '' and got : when you wish upon a star by meaghan martin -LRB- pinochio -RRB- ! try it :
NEU it was the scariest feeling ever felt , but now i realize thialand is the best decision i 've ever made .
NEU rt : what 's with bands and virgins ? do n't they have anything better to sing about ?
POS dope set to brov got something cooking for zouk rt : guy , your set was too hot . people are gon na die tonight at zouk
NEU rt : ayuden a chile retwiteen los telefonos de emergencia ! 568 1290 / 568 1295 !!!!!!!!
NEU ohhh good thinking ! tonight should be funny , i will look like a drowned rat with a scarf over my head ... oh hello man hunt!x
POS happy birthday baby sister EMO_HAPPY awws my bibi is 19 !!
NEG rt _ mommi : twitter aint no joke . . shit will make ya man now . . friends lateer ... and friends now . . enemies lata
POS air de venecia : man that kid can jump !
NEG haha i found out why its not working , its a problem at my end , delete my contact and i may ask you to send me an invite again .
NEU rt : canadian street artist fauxreel has a new print that 's available at show & tell gallery in toronto
NEU 's - tiny-titties-face-fuck-chic-fil-a-sex-pistols-girls-in-thongs-dance-off-pants-off-bbs-whe
NEG damn man ! i shouldve called earlier . the karoke contest started 2 hrs ago ... ughh :-LRB- ?? r
NEU rt : cant believe i have a twitter ... i 'm not even sure if i 'm using this correctly haha
NEU reminder to self : make posters of chemical elements , polyatomic ions and formulas so stick around the house .
NEU the greatest pleasure in life is doing what others said you are not able to do it .
NEG i hope everything will be alright EMO_HAPPY
POS weebee 's cafe on yelp : good food , good service , interesting atmosphere . my first experience at weebee 's cafe was po ...
NEU apanya yg panjang ? najis -_- rt _ luwandino : wesssssssssssss -LRB- panjangan gue -RRB- rt : wesssssssssss -LRB- panjangan -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG screen issues has delayed the joojoo tablet , now expected on 25th march
NEU
NEG `` but i guess things change it 's funny how success brings pain ''
NEU google pone en marcha : buscador de personas : terremoto en chile rt EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : oh shit !! . . here come some more aftershox ... sweet jesus , and baby jesus !! chile terremotochile
NEG apparently i ca n't spell ... sorry bede burdidge , ah , i mean bede durbidge !!!
NEU looking 4 shit to do on the week end
POS i did 50 sit ups . i feel better about myself now .
NEU watching from paris with love with ma sister and brother in law
POS full wend in the studio , might as well move in there at the mo , looking forward to getting out next wend , play some records and party hard
NEU `` i was tired . . plus i had a rash on my butt '' hahaha
POS oh i will EMO_HAPPY haha jk . lol . ill call you tomo . je t ` aime wifey .
NEU iya mak , ak mlah kpingkel ngliat duplikatny vidi yg jaaaauuh bgt , haha rt : liat the promotor , kontestan ' a grin ad yg persis sama
POS ` oklahoma ! ' at live arts md. more than ok : and its opening departed from the conventional stage filled with chorus ...
POS thanks for the follow
NEU rt _ m : rt : showcase of web design in ukraine -LRB- via -RRB-
NEU | braziltorrents.com | is now seeding torrent downloads ! click_here - > h ttp : / / braziltorrents.com/register.php ku
NEG you already kno you suppose 2 be here i am fucked up in my telly goin crazy
NEU rt : still more marketing tribes ? part 3 of 3 videos and blogposts :
NEG rt : after the storm , love wo n't break your heart , but dismiss your fears . -LRB- real talk -RRB- ihatequotes
NEU jus got out 4m maxin usin moms fone to get online ... lol ehhhh fucken full
NEG not sure whether this is working properly linking my facebook status to my twitter account
NEU yes , but it is usually made with chicken & sausage
NEU out damn spot - promoting opera .
NEU is locke good or bad ? the producers just asked this to the audience , 10 % think good , 90 % think bad or are indifferent about it .
NEU i was in a bad mood as lack of help in the house.so stayed in bed and kitchen was tidied and dinner was cooked for me . xx
NEU you dont need an attorney to do your own loan modification , get the loan mod tool box here .
NEU hahahaha . i 'm all for the buried life but go usa
POS rt _ fierce : ibelieve that kobe is the best
NEU rt : rt : i want a lady . a lady respects her body . make me work for it . dont just hand me the goods . EMO_HAPPY
NEU i know . what is up with that?rt beginning to think forgot bout her fav number EMO_HAPPY
NEU laugh out loud apparently they do n't ... or their job dont require much , lol . .
NEU need to auto-tweet your updates on twitter ? copy paste from the list of tweets -LRB- beta test -RRB-
NEU movado , rolex , breitling , gucci watches - on sale now !
NEU i wish my grandpa was still around he knew how to make grandma behave . grandpa share your wisdom with me ! r.i.p. david chapman 1934-1999
NEU rt : `` what lies behind us , and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us . ''
NEU juicy . but i keep choking on them
POS i pray each day 4 ~ peace ~ to come ; i know i 'm not the only one ... just think how good it would be-4 everyone to just be ? free ?? smiley ?? happy ?
NEU the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes . - benjamin disraeli
NEU why do i do this to myself !?
NEU success does n't happen by spontaneous combustion , you need to set it on fire !
NEU rt make money online with twitter ! $ 372 a day !
NEU the essential exercise and birthball handbook for pregnancy and beyond. : recommended by midwives , doulas and fitne ...
NEG ina w900 in my h2 . but having trouble with the ipod video and the wireless remote
POS `` when you are strong enough to love yourself 100 % , good and bad?you will be amazed at the opportunities that life ...
NEG damnit reminding me i might have to hit play on the soon ...
NEU conaxsat channel 201-and 235 b-v : channel 201-and 235 b-v looks like channel 201 and 235 is up on bev to see the game
NEU more here at
POS i should try to get something outta this let 's wait and see ha
NEU bartering and exchanging services to save money : do business by ...
NEG said i 'm a fool , but she 's just sittin on a stool n then im gna throw her in the pool but tht wud break a rule n we wud have to duel
NEU cisco small business slm2005 small business smart switch is $ 83.99 at
NEU hissss ... i hate to admit it but i liked her a lot on sweet dreams remix with weezy
NEG i do n't think 6 hrs is enough to build new , strong calluses on the finger tips .
POS photo : ilovesleeeep :
POS oooo - hope you have glitter !! EMO_HAPPY
NEU watching a movie . . so tired haha you ?
POS laugh out loud when her mom goes back
NEU from a to zombie. :
POS laugh out loud i know . haha anyway stop tweetin and rest . EMO_HAPPY i know what 's good for you so listen ! i.t EMO_HAPPY
NEU freelancer.com - aweber web form coding question -LRB- fieldname of ...
NEU rt : rt if you think zara or kaylee . 2 little kids who really want to meet justin should have gotten to meet him not what 's her face EMO_HAPPY
POS liked `` patates-sogan :-RRB- '' -LSB- pic -RSB-
NEU brooklynartfeed 4_tiled :
NEU i want to go out , but i 'm so over the crowd .
NEU im starting to watch snl . yayy . hopefully j.lo isnt too bad .
NEU rt : -
NEU lisa & brian sugar :
NEG design msi unveils r5870 lightning graphics card with 15-phase power ... : 15-phase power supply designs , two 8-pi ...
NEG nowplaying bridging the gap by nas/olu dara
NEG oh , & putting breaking dawn in 3d ? i 'd love to have edward & jacob all up in my face . but no 3d ! it 's a romance movie ! not action .
POS rt _ raide i think this person is great . you should follow them . - thnxx hun
NEU - xi lan & lun lun together for the last day . via
NEU also bought some pressup bars and weightlifting gloves fitness
POS get the best watches @ the best price-free s & h through tues. .
NEU rt : marks and spencer : save up to 30 % off leather upholstery and selected cabinet furniture
NEU express furniture recognized for diligence and dedication to the temporary ...
POS rt : i wish kelly had a twitter or something so that he could see his birthday page and all of your birthday messages/wishes .
POS and this onetime at band camp xdd
NEU tim sylvia and antonio silva turn down fight against josh barnett at dream .13 :
NEU it is now : sunday the 28th of february , 8:42 am
NEU demiallah bukan !! -_- '' '' rt : sumpah rt lah?serius?rt : nama dia aslinya -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU has finally managed to scrub off the army body from my arms laugh out loud stupid stuff
POS i just want you to be happy
NEG tech.blorge : upgrading to android 2.1 may not exactly be a painless experience : if you own an android phone , we ha ...
NEU live tsunami viewing ? ustream 's the place | technology startup ...
NEU photo : everlastingfriend :
NEU our father who art in canada hockey place hockey be thy game thou shalt win gold on ice as well as in the stands -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG i hate females wit big ass pitbull heads
NEG ugh i do n't see how people wake up in the morning feeling like rap moguls because right now i feel like hell .
NEU rapid research papers - write it fast ! : new step-by-step guide to writing research & term papers in half the time ...
NEU get the best watches @ the best price-free s & h through tues. .
POS you could win the trip of a lifetime at - before you know it you 'll be rethinking in paradise . soooo nice .
NEU five for silver , six for gold , seven for a secret never to be told .
POS what 's up with training ? gdgd ? hmm . jia you and see ya tomorrow ! lol .
POS ' i only see the memoriess from you and me honey it 's never gon na endsz ; $ jj ' .
NEU : 1 . songong sok cakep 2 . tkang gosip + bawel 3 . mw tau urusan orng lain ! 4 . sok axis + nyolot ! 5 . who is she . . !?
NEU rt : rt if you can watch justin bieber videos all day without being bored brandonutley
POS rt : i cry because i love justin bieber !!!
POS at the norwood food & wine festival . gorgeous day . let 's have a drink ! adelaide
NEU lolol my mum and dad who are both like blind can not see out of my glasses now . that cant be good !
POS new pants , blankets and horlicks . ready to take on the world , we are . beinghuman
POS the lovely bones ; i want to read the book !
NEU one trust or two for lgbt couples ?
POS rt : race day ! the big one is finally here .
NEU rt : followsunday _ tri -LRB- cont -RRB-
POS victoria , girl you should follow comedian . . hes funny and real . . will have you laughin EMO_HAPPY
NEG mad tired , about 2 eat den sleep
NEG the key to alot of things is balance , whether its balance of power or love , 4 some of us it seems 2 far out of reach , 2 difficult 2 achieve
POS um ok ! :-RRB- my goal is 6 more ? what about you !?
NEU q : when was the last time you gave flowers ? a : gave flowers ? I do n't know years ago
NEU rt : oh ! physicists prove teleportation of energy is possible
NEU youtube - the science of getting rich - economic prosperity ...
NEU click : what 's the diff between a smb and shooting lift bags in scuba diving ?
NEU get 1000 followers for only $ 19.99 here -
NEU please rsvp & rt : rcmh blockhead lunch olive garden times square on jun 19 , 2010 rsvp here : twtvite
NEU rt : sometimes , it 's easier to say that you 're fine instead of having to explain all the reasons why you 're not .
NEU i think she loves my dick more than me honestly
NEG in my experience , the `` i 'm bored '' is usually followed by `` can i come over '' , which is answered with a resounding `` no ! '' laugh out loud
POS laugh out loud i will babe already have
NEU looks like it is another night that i am the last one to bite the dust .
POS good morning !! this is the day that the lord has made . let us rejoice and be glad in it .
NEU the partridge family story on encore ... two minutes in and already cheesy ... it 's going to be a great morning .
POS i hope you 're going to share the recipe !
NEU agw : mike mann on how to fight the deniers | the intersection | discover magazinemooney : can the scientific comm ...
NEU itu gw dan plis gw gak kekar hha rt : msk ke ruang fitness I see buat foto btciveramoz sesi perlengkapan yg isinya cwek2 ` kekar ' semua
NEG did n't actually say that . he 'd say something much dumber and more frightening . gopslogans / via the demons shuddered at jesus too EMO_HAPPY
NEU i 'm not using those stalker applications that tell people where i am . if i want you to know i 'll call you ! laugh out loud
NEU pada insom ya ? kk juga insom lgi ? rt : yupz . . truz pas twitt udh sepi , blik k ` fb eeh byk yg insom rt
NEU checkout this site . has good deals on laptops
NEU the best way to travel : state travel might show 1 or 2 promising target locations , but not as much as the town tra ...
NEG well that was starnge and awkward
POS thank you lord , - for letting me wake up each morning and going to bed at night ; for the sun ; for the moon ; ...
NEU im bored and your babysitting so lets go in !
NEU vw polo - ? 8980 - 1198cc - 11475 miles - 2009 - petrol - manual - reflex silver metallic - hatchback - 5 doors -
NEU i subscribed to q8ws 's channel on youtube
NEU still using recently made syrups-last night made a soda using my then night before licor 43 & vodka
POS laugh out loud joel , no fist pump xd hopefully when i 'm 21 you 'll be in ac a lot EMO_HAPPY
POS what a game !! terps beat hokies 104 - 100 in double ot . greivis is a beast !!
NEG straightlyin ` man i paid full price for my polo ' ... yall tj maxx ass niggaz !
NEU tell us about your charity and win a donation !
POS rt : rt _ bogle : somewhererightnow someones eatin mcdonalds in kfc < laugh my ass off
NEG rofl . rt if i see someone tweet about zingled one more time im gon na club a baby seal .
POS we 're all working ! & & & i reserved the tank for you , so nice right ! hahah but you dont want . see you tmr !
NEU but not mars ! we 'll go to venus ! EMO_HAPPY anyway my backaches gone ! EMO_HAPPY i was in pain last night EMO_HAPPY could hav cried but dnt take pills !
NEG dude you 've gone delirious after the run through the tunnel .
POS rise and shine time !! noshville then studio with nick to create genius . . again :--RRB-
NEG alyssa marie : ... really ? - ? yeah , i hate you . get it through your big head . i don?t know how many times i. . .
NEU just left applebees ... sneaking off . . haha -LRB- laugh -RRB-
NEG mfl : minor delays en route to destinations due to equipment shortages this afternoon .
NEU hatless and coatless for the dog i hope not you ; 0
POS mornin mornin babe , did ya dwnload what ` sapp yet ?? what 's ya plans for this wkend an nx ?? gna arrange a girly nyt @ mine xxx
NEU rt : leave it to canada to start the closing ceremonies with a mime van2010 . and catriona gets to light her torch !
NEU rt : natiruts em porto alegre - promo ?? o exclusiva pop rock - bar opini?o 18 de mar?o
POS rt : someday we will be together again , huhuy i believe
NEU
NEU k off to bed . hoping these meds will ease so i can sleep . nite all !
NEG is it weird that i 'm crying while watching celebrity rehab with dr. drew ?
POS grab my glasses i 'm out the door i 'm gon na hit this city -LSB- lets go -RSB-
NEU i ca n't touch my tongue to my nose , hey can i borrow your tongue ? laugh out loud
NEU i just voted for check it out ! tweetphoto
NEU rt : amazing 9 year old piano prodigy -LSB- video -RSB-
NEG ok they 're gone i can do some more work . sigh .
NEU _ com re the ferrari colour , i believe the use of yellow goes back to the warplanes & was changed upon enzo 's death
NEU oh em geee ! you came to the rescue ! thankk youuu laugh my ass off dude i been trying for the past 2hrs i cnt -LRB- insomnia -RRB- laugh out loud
NEG young love never seems to last
NEU rt : rt _ careers : insight & analytics research analyst - portland , or jobs hiring
POS wow so yummy !! :d hope you enjoy it . .
NEU thy command . so we shall flow a river forth to thee , and teeming with souls shall it ever be .
NEU if you 're going to primary a democrat , you ask everyone to contribute via . duh . why ca n't grasp this ? arsen
NEU rt : when is it ok for parents to correct a teacher ? -LRB- by -RRB-
POS be her then !! rt : wish i was her
NEU rt : poa - rs e regi?o , fortelece aeee e d ? follow : ; -RRB-
NEU going to bed with possibly not the best music to to go to sleep to . oh well . who says i was gunna go to sleep anyway ? ;p
NEG omg . total same reaction over here from us two . xd
NEU
NEU the maya ads are over what i expected .
POS i wud lov 4 dis shit to last so ill tak picturs of my rearend so you wont 4get my ass alls well that ends ok so ill end ?
NEG listening to w / mike gousha . why is he trying to steal credit for barrett 's hard work ? is there anything walker wo n't steal ?
POS canada wins olympic gold in ice hockey with 3-2 win over united states -LRB- source : orlando sentinel -RRB- : canada beat the ...
POS rt : todays person to follow is everyone rt and follow ! EMO_HAPPY
POS increase your sex drive like i did !
POS rt : i cry because i love justin bieber !!!
NEU what is it with my obsession with people w / pink hair ? i mean ... smh
NEU uknowubroke when you using gas you cut the grass with to fill up your car
NEG elliptical , ugh . texas de brazil last night . it 's early . id really feel like crap if i had eaten the meat .
POS sooo proud to be canadian we are simply amazing , crosby i love you !!!!!!!
NEU need to do a lot of translating , one click translation with this free software . any language . us only
POS hank is probably my favorite spoken-word performer ... smart , funny , and a huge heart ... love that guy
POS honored to be listed as one of you are fave 1 brands - ty ! enjoy the rest of your weekend EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt _ cbs : extended preview ! go behind the scenes as carrie underwood guest stars 2nite @ 8/7c
NEU wassup ...
NEU rt wired backpack hydroelectric plant gives you 500 watts on the move
NEU rt : 25 funny finger faces
NEG idontknow i heard that
NEU remember when you told me that i was mr. negative all the time ? stop being so negative and you 'll be more happy !
POS i think i can say i have been more productive with my homework than other times ... EMO_HAPPY
NEU i remember when my timeline would be flooded w / tt 's from & bringemback
NEU _ love1 yup , that shit hard , if you wan na download it hit my website .
POS thanks so much for including me in your treasury ! all the way to the fp of etsy !!
POS tell carolyn i said hello , then . remember to pull out .
NEU now i just have to decide which kit to get at sweetshoppe
NEG i swear they think coupons reduce their paychecks . grrrrr why give out rrs then make it so hard to redeem them ?!
POS i went with nora to camden did n't i. . lol . now , me and you have to go . ha . depends what type of stuff you like i guess ...
NEU just got home bout to eat ... do a few pushups and try to fall asleep
NEG rt : help ! anyone in sheffield centre got a macbook charger i can borrow till wednesday night ?! EMO_HAPPY
POS hahaha oh my god i just made quinoa ! i love it , though .
NEG do n't give up so easy . . :
POS yes ! i love dates . EMO_HAPPY big love to you both !!
NEG what do you think about cheating in school ? : do n't worry folks , it 's all anonymous , so we promise not to tell your ...
NEU battlefield : bad company 2 -LRB- ps3 -RRB- : battlefield : bad company 2 -LRB- ps3 -RRB- by electronic arts 27 days in the top 100 platf ...
NEU im only human and all humans make mistakes but it takes a real man to face and fix his mistakes .
POS going to see gaga tonight xd
NEG it 's so windy and i 'm wearing a flouncy skirt ... so basically i 'm just flashing everyone on my way to class . mlia .
NEU they tryna flame bro ?
NEU some netcall customers are experiencing dropped calls , techs working to fix the issue .
NEU i 've been lax in my dog training/activities . magnolia constantly reminds me . the winds of change are abt ! doggies are going 2 get more attn .
NEU i favorited a youtube video -- psn karaem : home 's run
NEU oh ok . when you get the resume uploaded , copy and paste the html embed code -LRB- not the wordpress code -RRB- . -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG i am at trying to make my free book , but its not letting me add photos ? hotprints
NEU blogger named envdevmalaysia posted , ` poaching : more needs to be done ? environmental development in ...
NEU who won the culbertson vs brodsky case
NEG i felt like mary poppins leaving work , i almost took to the air with my umbrella !
NEG oh gee thanks for changing my brand new password so i could set up another brand new password .
NEU ebookengineering organic light-emitting materials and devices : crc press ; 1 edition -LRB- september 12 , 2006 -RRB- | englis ...
NEU w phone watch ? quad band , camera , mp3 player , phone tells the time too : this w phonewatch is a pretty impressive ...
NEU im going to call someone during so they can vibrate like crazy
NEU various artists - almost alice : a great idea some distance short of being properly realised .
NEG tmr gon na repeat again , except for the gym part . i gave up a super tempting job for shinee . im so money deprived . ahhh !! EMO_HAPPY
POS - hahahah you look wet ! thanks for the photo mizz !
NEG rt : thinks that men are asswholes . . & a complete waste of time ? | most of the tyme they r , but @ tymes they do come in handy !
POS margaritas was like jamrock 2night . . shout out to my nigga killah holdin it down against the wall gha gha . .
NEU caca makannya banyak , jeng ... tp dia paling suka donat dan ... hhmm ... sushi . huahahaha .
NEU later in the week kids ... maybe like wed/thur ?
NEG did i forget to mention my tv also died this weekend ? i was just gon na live w/out that one so i could do the shirts . i have internets .
NEG one last go - otherwise i give up ...
NEU i figuredd .
NEU taking a tour of the us capitol . sort of excited in a weirdly magical way .
NEU _ jeszica you will ! doin my hair now !
NEU power4home -- powered by webseeds.com - * proven products * :
NEG hmmmm i guess hoping classified will come out and sing ` oh ... canada ' is out ...
POS wow
NEG `` be quiet and hold your peace ; you little know how many mercies lie in the womb of this affliction . '' john flavel
NEG i have that same relationship with cervantes ... that mother fucker ... i hateeee fighting him
NEG vandalism on 19xx philsar , memphis , tn -LRB- via spotcrime.com -RRB- : vandalism/misdemeanor
POS my main impression from being at redsox camp for the first time : everybody is just thrilled to be here . never seen anything like it .
NEG the only reason justin beiber be a tt is because people hatin ' be typin ' his name too . y' all got ta spell his name wrong on purpose
NEU hahaha my sisters crying on the phone to her bf , n my dads making fun of her n was lk `` its puppy love not real love '' n she 's all gettin crazy
NEU rt : dear world : everything you are seeing is a stereotype . we know . feel free to laugh with us . no , we do n't all dress like mounties . van2010
NEG everybodys nasty tweets they do n't say till the sun goes down
POS rt : madison violet just won the grand prize in the john lennon songwriting contest / folk category for ` the ransom ' !!!!!!!! woo hoo !
NEU * guh * how is it possible for art tools to be sexy ?
NEG 7 am phone call - can i substitute at little girl 's school again ? coming on the heels of tax season and subbing last week , i 'm not pleased .
NEU @_ilovehiphop_ im aiight , bout to have the house to myself and be bored as fuck haha . i should see if my bestie has dat sticky icky EMO_HAPPY hahah
NEG first southwestair with kevinsmith , now sony with playstation3fat . screw fatists !
POS woahhh !! just found justin biebers personal twitter ... sweet !! haha . but i did n't follow it because i know that he needs his privacy !! EMO_HAPPY
POS these pralines were ordered 4 a business meeting 2mar ... they are gon na love em ... melt in the mouth ! will package em in pretty diva dishes wrap
POS pea coats were originally worn by sailors and members of the europeans navy . so , europen , coastal & vintage . . i like .
POS massive wealth from home no bugging family or friends ! plug and play system .
POS tearing up carpet is probably the grossest house jobs i 've ever done ... all that trapped dust - i 'm such a huge fan of hardwood floors !!
POS its movie over here ... im about to get in this crazy ass carnival ride / =
NEG i am very sad & frustrated to see the fan-made kq game shut down - in the past i saw screens and other media -- it was pretty awesome
NEU @__ashley__ yeah , i watched it when they had them all up on hulu . sounds like the movie is close to finally happening .
NEU _ bot ??????
NEU master ! master ! where 's the dreams that i 've been after ? that 's right , it 's `` master of puppets '' by metallica . musicmonday
POS EMO_HAPPY no prob hun . it was such a beautiful picture i had to EMO_HAPPY we must have a photoshoot . youd be great to shoot
NEU johnny depp gets to work on ? the tourist ? : getting to work on his latest gig , johnny depp was spotted on the set o. . .
POS out for drinks with the guys ! < 3
NEG if anyone else wants to bust out a fifty kilometer ski meet me on 9th and never
NEG rt : brutal seat steve sung on my right carlos mortensen on my left , and to his left the guy who crushed me yesterday .
NEU want justin on ... ... ... . .
POS our first winner issss : ! she receives an awesome t-shirt : twstcontest
NEU its all about location rite nw ... evrytin has to be in d rite place
NEU placerville weather : 05:30 am , temp : 46.3 , hum : 88 pct , wind : n/0 .0 mph , rain today : 0.00 - wdisplay
POS i look it . horn rims , grey hair on the temples ... i like to think of it as `` distinguished '' .
NEG i got an idea of writing a love novel . it 's kinda depressing by the way
NEG theft on florance / / monroe , memphis , tn -LRB- via spotcrime.com -RRB- : theft from motor vehicle
NEU rt : farm ag h-2a visa changes could cut into kansas custom harvest hires
POS back at my house to let piggy outside and to see if the cat will give me some attention . then off to visit baby ruth !
NEG rt : you got ta get in the gloves my man ... say nomore a man who just got fired is a dangerous man
NEU the primary interest of the members is figure skating , but anything related to a sport w blades attached to boots is welcome .
POS dr. laura 's advice today is for women to stop picking birds with broken wings and instead choose the high-soaring eagles . come on ladies !!
POS i have no clue , but that 's good advice !! laugh out loud
NEG i used to read `` come as you are '' all the time , i was a nirvana tragic , much long after kurt died , around 95/96 ...
POS i feel no shame im proud of where i came from i was born and raised in the boondocks EMO_HAPPY
NEG makes me fuckn sick that everybody abt 21 and younger think that ke $ ha started the all so famous 80 's rhyme style that she uses in her song
NEU trying to figure this out haha
NEG ask me the weirdest question evar !!
NEG _ bgb laugh my ass off . you stupid , dont cuff doe . cuffin is fuh lames
NEU citizen advisory committee forms
POS attention all moms ! join our team of moms working from home and loving it !
NEG always seem to enter trades too early and exit too late
NEU how to : make your own isandwich 4g
POS q : what kind of female do you see your self marr ... a : sumone that will make me happy smart indepe ...
NEU rt _ x : manchester intl women 's day : i will be performing at the monastery , gorton at 4:30 pm and the pankhurst . .
NEG rt getting a little better at physics everyday . . laugh out loud i 'm proud of myself . < -- ugh i hate that damn class haha
NEU new nightclub will open friday : building owner smith walker -LRB- center -RRB- and airon wallace -LRB- right -RRB- listen as lighting ...
NEU somebody please tell these niggas aint no ho in me ... they taking all these shots but aint no holes in me
NEG q : im following you ;d a : stalker much ? i 'm rather scared . can you see what i 'm doing too ? : s. . .
POS productive day , all days : b
NEU sometimes , no matter how much faith we have , we lose people . but you never forget them . it 's those memories that gives us strength to go on
NEG think i should go to bridge and fall down ...
NEU hope you shit on yaself rt : eatn oatmeal before i head 2 wrk -LRB- =
NEU _ chill i meant smoke srry lol.but I do n't know i guess is this kinda reverse psychology thing every1 always tlk bout follow so i said opposite laugh out loud
NEU rockstar_group : undercover as a rockstar mentee ! check out my latest blog post here :
POS rt : whats meant to be , will always find its way .
NEU back home at the ranch ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . . should i study or sleep ?
NEG dude . the bachelor :-LRB- so sad i started crying laugh out loud
NEU who 's buying canned chili and not eating it immediately ?
NEU i refuse to get high blood pressure , wrinkly my face , or get hoarse for you . just watch my footwork . love always , ~ felicia ~
NEU if someone makes me this outfit -LRB- male wizard from diablo 3 -RRB- i 'll get my chest waxed .
NEU indiana 's organic farmers compete for $ 767k in federal funds under a push to encourage conservation .
NEG yeaaa i feel it ... niggas in the south go bizzerck in cold weather ! lmao ... i step outside and its cold as fuck ! lol ... not warm
NEU group | timewavezero2012 : message : purple skies : timewavezero2012 : utopia , apocalypse or business as usual ?
NEU why google makes it easy to leave google : ars sits down with the head of google 's `` data liberation front '' to ... tech
NEU livecamcash launches camwithcarmen : xbiz award-nominated affiliate program livecamcash has launched the solo/webca ...
NEG _ levine but i imagine to the jack & jill set i had missed some common experience that they 'd all had , as well .
NEU
NEU you had already went to sleep when i wrote dat
POS i find it interesting that there still appears to be some level resistance to learning/using social media tools . schieffer
NEU the stores on my patch of staten island that will never go out of business : liquor stores , korean nail salons , and tanning salons . sad .
NEU earn $ 10,000 a month 10:55
NEU ahahaha . . emg boong . . ngetest doank ! :d . rt : hebat ! saya seharian jaga meja regiss . . rt melihat b 88x h -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU from a hospital cio , applies also to lean -- rt halamka : `` standards are not imposed , they are adopted '' himss10
POS i like usa and gb and ca , and au , but do you like my country hungary ? but why ?
POS yet be mindful of the books you read , too ! ~ manifest_1 well justsayin
NEU some hints for applying to public service jobs
POS hey guys do yo by chance know when the new tshirts will be sent out ? thanks :-RRB- theburiedlife ;d
NEU rt : i am more afraid of my own heart than of the pope and all his cardinals . i have within me the great pope , self.martin luther
POS free tools to help you with your business opportunities !
POS gay mother-a homosexual male who you look up to , will guide you in the right path , will be a maternal figure?i need a gay mother at howard
NEU secondstar05 :
POS city council elections in holland tomorrow . good luck to all my twitter and fb fans who are running . still have n't decided who i 'll vote for .
POS rt : thank you for your support ! we really ca n't thank you enough ! thon
NEU new blog post : get targeted-web-site-traffic by using youtube
POS nowplayin `` pretty boy swag '' by i loveeeeee dis shyt !!! goes suppa suppa hard
NEG def . true rt : - alot of girls have no idea wht the definition of wifey is . then wonder y guys act the way they do .
POS * moans , losing myself in your kiss , sliding my hands up your shirt , taking it off you , and letting my hands roam freely *
NEU vanabode camp , travel and live forever on $ 20 a day .
NEG fact that every act prior to goodie mob was trash . ... both on twitter and at the show . * ye shurg * no one ever steps to me . it 's
POS am exited my best friend eyeisha text me the other day
NEU now playing : patrice rushen - watch out funk
POS ahhhh i ca n't wait !!! i still need to get the cd let alone listen to it laugh out loud
NEG i hate bloody pcs . ten minutes and still unable to log on . buy macs , people .
NEU 1000 $ walmart gift card ! limited offer ! see details shininghongstar asian network bbc chile
POS rt rt : rt in bham please pray for heathers dad !
NEG hey ! you should got in touch with me !!! you could have come in and pushed your product !!! surmelis ... fail . ;--RRB-
NEG awkward dinner moment ... molly and i get plates , dan does n't .
POS there are about 50 people playing , they just bunch together . i 'll be on in a bit if you want to squad up .
NEG am i really becoming the woman god wants me to be or stuck in this rat race of life trying to become what i want to be ?
NEG rt : if you get this message : `` somebody wrote something about you in this blog here '' do n't click the link !
NEU ncaa sets the example for the nfl
NEG im not even beating you in tweets : o ... . few more to go ...
POS _ awesome ! busy playing with 2nd generation of the grandchilds . all the 6yrs and below EMO_HAPPY
POS eating some strawberries ! and trevor just came over !! EMO_HAPPY
POS 20 % off coupon this week in my centsible shop for these awesome pattern blocks : code : centsible20
NEG i didnt really think that you and kamy would last being best friends .
NEU rt : rt if you talk to your pets like they are babies . idothat2
NEU rt : u.s. to reveal rules on internet security -LRB- nytimes -RRB-
NEG who were you talking to in the last tweet , cause there were no @ 's
NEU 4 : evenflo baby go high chair , limeade
NEG also i drank half a liter of crown during the wedding so i didnt make it to the after party .
NEG rt : uknowubroke when you know the mcdonalds dollar menu by heart .
NEU rt e a semana come?a muuuito bem . acordei ouvindo the fraktal - the runaway things from one of my dreams :
POS i feel you ! as long as you gettin ' to the moneyyy , i understand laugh out loud
NEU rt : : just checked into our hotel in hong kong . china is pretty awesome . wish we had some more time here .
POS laugh out loud has a groupie
NEG wait ; bruh come harder . . you could n't measure with measuring tape ? what about a caspers hotdog . . tigers list of women . .
NEU dawg , i be ruling theze str33ts bitch , dont go h4ting on m3 b3cause you ... -LRB- youtube
NEG off to watch the rest of brideshead revisited . le sigh . matthew goode and ben whishaw . i miss british men .
POS please tweet me i have to stay in hospital over night it will make me feel a whole lot better pleaseee
POS i hope you kept those red glasses . i threw them on the stage . ps : great show !!!
POS yup ! i 'll twitpic it to you tomro . . if you want i 'm on my ipod EMO_HAPPY so what you doing . !?
NEU i 've been learning to live without you . but i do miss you , sometimes . i 've been trying to get down to the ...
NEG awkward : ranger called me william 's `` daddy , '' & i replied `` i 'm just his special friend . '' seriously kendal , `` babysitter '' is much less creepy .
NEU rememberwhen truth or dare and hide and go get it where too fun . too grown laugh out loud
NEU not much just laying on the floor ! you ?
NEU stars protest 6 music closure : vhr media bbc iv with keith allen , daisy lowe , jamie winstone ... - login to download
NEG walking into he office later would take a whole load of strength so it 's best i go recharge now ...
POS lol , ok , i 'll meet you 1/3 of the way from my end , i 'll be seeing them elephants by then for sure ;--RRB-
NEG you know , when that last remark trails off into the depths of slightly uncomfortable .
NEU elisha if you really wanted to know . . i doubt you do anyway . ask me online . EMO_HAPPY
NEU _ k no solid french dates at this stage but it 's in the pipeline !
NEG here 's a piece of advice for any and all ethnographers : avoid putting the word `` savages '' in your title . makes me hate you from page one -_- ;
NEG rt @_mrmischief : _ baby so you have n't cum in a whole week . . you must be ready to explode ? when i did it the pain felt alittle good
NEG mark 8:38 if anyone is ashamed of me and my words in this adulterous and sinful generation , ...
NEU wah ada yg magabut rt ngaskus dulu ah ... masuk fjb !
POS an extremely bright iss will cross your sky tonight ! it comes up in southwest at 7:33 pm . details :
POS _ com good shout , though i 'm a sucker for rockstar energy original , damn that 's good elixir .
POS gtg . will do a project in history . i want it to be done right away .
NEU _ haha riiight and yeahh that shiz hurttss i wan na get a cute on like the one next to the ear but im scared lolol
NEU rt : 3 moms ,11 kittens = 14 pull fees , $ 350 rt have foster but nd funding adoptapet cats cat
NEG 1 : i thought i lived in the south . 2 : i thought march was like , basically almost spring . 3 : why the heck is it snowing ?!
NEU
NEG i no longer drink enough / to think you 're witty .
NEG he say he love me and he should have never fucked up ... i said o well pussy boi this new nigga jus lucked up !!
NEU `` wherever you can stick me in , let the record spin . ''
NEU hazey ? eu que rasguei seu see you com uma faca sua foca impetulante com cheiro de sardinha s
NEG rt : if they seem like jb fans i 'm just telling them not to spam . spread the word ! only put it once per tweet . soproudofyounickj
POS rt : do n't forget to text play lamb at 55100 so adam can make the z100 countdown tonight !
POS our dance contest sponsors are twitter superstars !! watch our video , and learn more about these fantastic companies !
POS who is it ? laugh out loud i wan na know !
NEG would prefer to have my garlic peeled and not my eyes ...
NEU -LSB- greader filip?ra -RSB- mega listas : todos os bancos de imagens da internet
POS you have me hooked ! too bad its the end laugh out loud rt _ rayy : good game wv ! back to the bachelor
NEG - ya it would get kinda chilly with the cargo door open , but i 'm from canada , we just put on another
NEU `` a wise girl kisses but does n't love , listens but does n't believe , and leaves before she is left . '' ~ marilyn monroe rt :
POS ahh yes , the boiled pork . the microwave was probably my favorite charles moment . it smelled like cotton candy . way better .
POS win natura 's ultimate pillow -LRB- arv $ 120 -RRB- for the best night 's sleep from ! win giveaway
NEU ceeeesinhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa -LRB- _ live on
POS i favorited a youtube video -- modern warfare 2 : fpskyle 's how to play sabotage like a man -LRB- mw2 gamepla ...
NEU i 'll be coming to you from kansas city , mo/ks on poetry by ja ` meelah will air 03/13 . blogtalkradio
POS oh yes ! rt how about we just push emilie aside and replace her with kstew ... okay ? perfect
POS rt one who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger . ~ japanese proverb quote : rt one who smiles ra ...
NEG rt : when i read capitals , there is a shouting voice in my head ! omgiknowright
NEU nowplayning - paramore that 's what you get
POS listening to , my three year screams hey mommy it 's michael jackson , lol , this is an old school girl then asked me is that the ojays
NEU . by my count only one player can guarantee his starting place on june 12th , any advances on 1 ?
NEU rt _ lecool : get drunk like an expert :
POS labels say the use of social media is a must | the music industry has been gaining ground in their attempts of . .
NEU . _ 24 !??!?????????????!! -LSB- ?????? -RSB- shuzo
NEG is annoyed `` a character in the james bond film die another day '' is the first result when he searched `` zao '' in wikipedia
NEU i 'm mad woozy ... ugh i need a hug smh beingsickmakesyouweak literally laugh out loud
NEU before the bell : us stock futures higher ; m & a action continues ...
POS rt : social media guru . awesome - does n't he look like mark ? himc
NEG darn course packs , lab coat and glasses >=-LRB-
NEU and it is about the thing mentioned in the post description .
NEG y' all think it 's too early to change my pic for wardrobewednesday ???
NEG ca n't say it 's a surprise . . egypt score . fabio not impressed .
NEU that 's what i said ! i 'm printing everyting .
NEU success is not the key to happiness . happiness is the key to success .
POS rt : same-sex marriage was legalized this morning in washington dc ? hopefully other parts of the country will follow their lead . go dc !
NEU isnt that a bomb outlook expressed in that quote ??!
NEG ugghhh . . going to be in so much troublee .
NEG rt : take a chill pill . i dont think caitlin and justin are dating.and if they are than its not a big deal ... forget dra ...
POS ca n't wait for the para-olympics ! EMO_HAPPY
POS sukumar azhikodu on sachin hit 200 - `` sachin shud retire from hockey '' fakingnews :d my last tweet
NEG why are you gaining weight ?
POS me too EMO_HAPPY
NEG i can see why ca is bankrupt as a state . look at all the racist fools that attend universities there -- and the people that support them .
POS burning legion : the horde successfully attacked the alliance . next battle : 3:38 am
NEU rt _ ree : rt shoutouts2 _ pruf27 _ ree -- thanx babe ... > no prob
NEU look4articles web marketing network act wisely : building web marketing network businesses that can offer ... visit us
NEU irefuseto be an asshole towards women even though that 's what most are attracted to , if i do meet someone whos into that maybe urnotforme
POS please notice this it was made by a proud belieber . . not me ... 29
NEU jobs med/ped - morristown , tn us : med-peds needed - flexible practice scenario - beautiful east tennessee ! lak ...
POS pink sweat suits frowning up n every pink sneaker n everything pink from laugh out loud girls i know i did lolol i 'm true to my pink !
POS john barnes : wayne rooney and steven gerrard are england 's two most important ... - goal.com
POS i just so appreciate my tweeps from `` across the pond '' . they seem to understand american culture as much as we understand theirs . anarchyuk !
NEU hey sweet , you unfollow me ? / o \ : *
NEU hot 155 adsense ready , adsense powered sites .
NEU i 'm broadcasting on . com now , come see me !
NEG have i done much of my journal ? nope . what a waste of an hour .
NEU the erroneous funk
POS good for him ! i 'm a dmv native ... saw him from his humble beginnings ... so glad he put go-go on the map !
NEG oh dang . i wish i could just go to the globe and buy one but above sucks EMO_HAPPY
POS hi meera , nice to see you here ! how are you ? where are you ? i am with your previous company - wipro ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU twitter adds to dalai lama 's virtual virtues
POS i will you please scratch my back ? EMO_HAPPY
NEG i would have answered `` your hometown , asshole . '' to that last one . just for shits and giggles .
NEG the ibs show is coming up they are soooooo gon na break my pockets
NEU laugh my ass off funniest shyt i seen 2day rt _ : thomasinaa told starshaa johnn dick don ` t qet hardd muchh -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG rt : rt : f a s h i o n yeathatsmyshit < you knw this r.i.p mcqueen * ledgend !!! **
POS rt : laughter is the way to my heart EMO_HAPPY
NEU laugh my ass off i 'm cece , but is my only twitter boo . sorry .
POS saying good morning to everyone . another gorgeous morning in surrey . wishing you all well .
NEU just joined a video chat with 43 other people at tinychat
POS my favorite song communication breakdown by led zeppelin is playing on wrat ! listen now
POS rt : six sixes in an over , 200 runs in odi , 10 wickets in an inning , max fours in odi , max runs in odi and test - all records belong to india !!
NEU -LSB- az news -RSB- ariz. house votes to try using tires to fill mines
NEU portmeirion apple harvest wall clock
POS i really think this past weekend has made me realize something that i never thought possible , i think it made us closer than before
NEG just a random day in belgrade ... playing with little ones EMO_HAPPY missed them a lot ! -LRB- my dog - toy poodle pierre and sister 's dog - leo -RRB-
NEG my car actin stupid , i think my power steerin bout to go ... bad look
POS rt @_shianne : _ 3dh i want em i think me _ 3dh aniya and ant jr gon get em << then all of yall just cop em laugh out loud
POS _ teambyrne what colour are they ? i need some new shoes laugh out loud x
NEU current disneyland discounts & special offers ?
NEG rt : dis gurl said she got pregnant to get attention smh < -- thingsbasicbitchesdo !!!
POS watching toy story . in a better mood already . EMO_HAPPY
NEG i aint that slow !
NEG is it bad to have es type off feelinqq when you aintt aroundd ? missin baby . & ets kindaa retarted i havee too tell yuhrr sisterr fahh yuh ?
NEU
POS i love gang of roses wit lisa ray & stacy dash i love them ma fav actress ...
POS my favourite place in the world !! rt shakespeare and company , a creative sanctuary | stephen emms
POS rt : without a spotlight , you speak your mind and by golly you get results , not for fame or the big i am , purely for another human you see in
POS i 'm hosting this week 's bsi !! wait for tonight 's ingredient reveal on my blog ! :d
POS - the night would not be complete w/out a trip to !
NEU the only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing .
NEU mma event friday at park place dome
NEU can the dodgers make it three straight nl west titles in 2010 ? dodgers mlb
NEU lookinggggg a hotmess , still want to seee my bd though . i lovee that boy .
NEU comparing the new windows 7 versions .
NEG this weather is shitty , it is so effing slow at work and i am beyond bored . pretty much bored to tears . i should probably just do homework .
NEU article about how support over pay keeps top teachers in classrooms
NEU laugh my ass off my fable for english was awesome it was about a hawk lying to a penguin saying it can fly etc laugh my ass off still penguin you cant fly EMO_HAPPY * pats *
NEU pls rt and watch pyramid music video oprah & david foster 's protege
NEG oneofmyfollowers jst made me hungry wen dey t0ld me wat dey c00ked
NEU i 'm at ayebloodyrights domain -LRB- danes crescent , glasgow -RRB- .
NEU q : kenapa joe jonas ?! a : soalnya cakeeeeep -LRB--_--RRB-
NEG this one ? or is my smile gayyyy ?
NEG rt : realthugs dont eat icecream on a cone . ever . laugh my ass off
NEG i 'm just goin play zone cause its obvious that you ca n't win when someone plays zone against you
NEU one bedroom apartment with bay view -LRB- berkeley north hills 1300 1bd sfo cl realestate rent
POS `` jason does not have a farmville because the government pays him a subsidy to not grow imaginary bullshit . '' -- i love my friends .
POS everyone seriously needs to get 's rebirth ... the mans a genius
POS listenin to some of my old songs laughin lol ... whats funny is , i shopped some of these . whoa haha . . always been mad confident laugh out loud smh
NEU ok then . well sorry that i havent been able to breath all yesterday and today to be able to call you ... ...
POS it 's time ! home sweet home !
POS tweeple n specialteams mates hope you 'll stop by and check out the ning i created for all of us !
POS i favorited a youtube video -- the big bang theory - sheldon bazinga !!
NEU -LSB- rated 96 % -RSB- december letra shadows fall - letras de m sicas -LCB- eletras.com.br -RCB-
NEU green building : white house releases fact sheet for homestar energy efficiency ...
NEG rt @_stylezp : who is this asshole tryna diss people on twitter ? < ~ just what you said . an asshole hiding behind a name , girl .
NEU the denny hamlin/media feud that was n't , via twitter | nascar
POS fantastic forex : : latest forex converter yahoo au ...
NEU morniing ayy . . makasii . . :-RRB- -RRB- rt : morning all . . have a beaut ?? fuil thursday . . cpet sembuh yaa saiiank . . miss you . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU is buffalo dat wack that i just had to be smitten by sum1 dats in nyc really thou really ?!
POS thanks , means a lot to the volunteers who have grown it to this point . rt : agchat = very impressive in my opinion .
POS you 'll be seeing this soon enough too and agreeing ! rt : craziness ...
NEU worldwide ! rt : question of the day : what location do you have your trending topics set to ?
NEU q : what music are you listening to today ? a : justin bieber
POS `` the dipance is youuuuu '' is possibly my favorite part of griffin 's music video . he really feels the music . adorbs .
NEU after elvis presley hair it now fashion outfits of stars . designer wears that wrapped michael jackson , elvis presl ...
NEU rt : ?????? qt _ wasp : ?????????? rt : ????????????????? ...
NEU i 'm out of popcorn . and only a small bit of toast left . i want more toast . going to make more toast ... in commercial break .
POS everything 's better `` tilted '' rt a day in the life of new york city , in miniature . /
POS rt _ franzen thankful and humbled for another day of life ! it is truly a blessing ! never take life for granted . live each day like it was
NEU all who saw the famusextape must follow and review the timeline of - > rt : this would make for a helluva episode of man vs. food
NEU aman athwal collection latest write up : bangs and bangles
NEU making my sister walk on my backk . baha . needs a good crackinn .
NEU really ? omg . at me was not bad . but i think that could will be better . haha and how you feel today ?
POS rt _ lovegood : 060 from 365shots : show your love ...
NEG and fuck it if i misspelled my last @ comment to you . my bad
NEU rt : rt if you 're in the jonasfamily and you want jonasbieberpeace ! and dont forget to think of -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG rt : although we report on the studies , we do not believe video games are the cause of violent behavior in children
POS i like that game better than the usual `` i spy my credit card at revival '' i usually play on sat mornings .
POS waddup brotha ! i needs to get my twitter chops up EMO_HAPPY
NEG rt : lamatrix : ripmadisonbieber ? unbelieveable . just because there 's a jonas tt like that . wow . justin bieber fans are pathetic .
NEU i do n't care what says in his interviews : his lyrics & his tweets make me smile . i feel all warm & fuzzy on the inside .
POS rt : attention paris i have a party at club vip on thursday !!!! let 's go !!!! spread the word ! last -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU rt _ nl : rt : : help mee om een representatieve twexitpoll te maken en retweet ! twirus exit poll
NEG what up bruh bruh ! yo i 'm bout to order them ray ban 's twitpic ya jawns for me . i 'm not sure if mines is the right ones
NEU
NEU now you can text to help people affected by the chile quake news : via
POS it 's almost time for american idol and it 's the guys night since one of the girls was too sick to perform . get better crystal !
NEU first in holloway and then for the last week in triin 's place . are you going to be around 29/3-24 / 4 ?
NEU interesting ... i 'm checkin my email & i see that manny pacquiao sent me a facebook friend request . i wonder if it 's really him ... hmmm .
POS i experienced that 2nite !! rt : i love seeing health & fitness ` experts ' that look like they just ...
NEU wkwkwkkw pempek yg dijalaprang yh ??? hahay . .
NEU ohio state buckeyes men 's basketball team runs over illinois to secure share of big ten title : jon diebler has 21 ...
POS rt : thanks to peru , china , korea , argentina , usa and brasil for help our people . the help is comming !!
NEG bad news ... he couldnt unlocked it
POS rt : jonasbieberpeace good to know .
NEU that retweet most likely due to and daily show pointing out the hypocracy of it all . go john .
POS kris and cale singing that remains to be my favorite thing ever .
NEU rt teameur0 everything european
NEG my beard trimmer is n't charging , due probably to a difference in voltage ... i 'm going to look like karl marx
POS rt : the only real valuable thing is intuition : albert einstein
NEU talkin to funny ass brian from youtube . . and i got a tweet from alonzo too . . now i 'm gettin tired u ?
NEU you tried the marmite cereal bars ?
POS thank you !! ohhh chrissy . remember her ? anywho . . she preggy !
NEU lol ! jip , it was a far and long drive ! rt : water for _ fourie at geeksushi
NEU rt : internet marketing professor : social media tips for artists : do you serve a small niche , like the ar . .
NEG the narrator 's voice has me pinned . i can not move . all i can do is wait for him to say 1960 , with light , crisp emphasis .
POS 2 all my new friends : welcome ! peace and love 2 all . 2 all my friends !! i am very hon. . . :
POS news : campaigners are moving a step closer to making a lethal road safer to cross . villagers in north weald are fi ...
NEG now i 'm scared too go to sleep was telling me ghost stories !!!!!! ughh : /
NEG so is microsoft 's `` software plus services '' strategy dead ? it appears to be all `` cloud '' now . pcbuzz
POS rt : `` we 'll be a dream '' is now available as a single on itunes !! check it out !!
POS heeeey ! so i was right about babs having a boyfriend !! x
NEU when you work out why i want to know ...
NEG hm , that or maybe bc the site got hacked a few weeks ago . can you check why older local articles are n't google indexing ?
NEG news : pearson was arrested today at pierce college in woodland hills , ca for the crime of making criminal threats
POS i 'm good lil homey !!! ready to get this work in witcha !!! lets get it !!!
POS won my 3rd match out of 8 ! 5 more to go ! allez meee :-RRB-
NEU rt : _ savag3_ken y you in shorts and a t shirt playing ball in da park ? - __ - damn laugh out loud you dedicated lmao ... stfu
NEU ok so more info for the festival in the midlands ; it 's on the 21st march , and i 'm on at 10pm ! more info to follow ...
NEU check out at mysalonbrand.com tigi catwalk root boost 8.5 oz
NEU _ black currently listening to.hisssss ,
POS `` great men are they who see that the spiritual is stronger than material force , that thoughts rule the world . '' ~ ralph waldo emerson
POS shoutout to pretty woman
POS im so happy all thz snow meltinq !!!
NEU rt : when i tell people im a trainer , they think `` gym '' rt : i am a learning prof , i help people learn ; i am not a trainer lrnchat
NEU dr. seuss ' birthday a lesson for readers : parties in the mid-ohio valley and across the nation this week honor the ...
NEU ada kue yg ky semangka go ahead co?mauu . . rt : pasar klojen rt : dmanaa?dmanaa?rt : lemah bgt gw dihadapan kue2 basah
POS oh my !!! cherry bomb by dakota & kristen = amazing !!! oh man this movie is gon na rock !
POS sounds like a perfectly reasonable thing to do to me . why not ?
NEU rt : google wave email notifications are here -LRB- for testing -RRB- ! get immediate , hourly or daily updates
NEU last chance to get blistered by rust belt sermon is april 9 at the frequency
NEU indosiar will show the re-run hours after that.if not mistaken around 10pm . the same day.if not mistaken.i saw the ad . .
NEG this nigguh needs to chill the fuck out fucken fat shit
NEU chegou uma caixa da ludwing , o limited classic maple de 14x6 ,5 ' , o som mais cl?ssico de caixas de madeira .
NEU turkey presses obama ahead of armenia genocide vote
POS farah 's tees maar khan to release on december 24th 2010 - news : this christmas audiences are in for a treat with f. . .
POS grabbed some interviews at break . now rushing to write this story for fox at 10 and at 11 !
NEU neighbour cat is taunting my cat from outside . mavis meows a good game from behind glass , but is to chicken to go defend her back yard .
NEU haha yeah ?!? i dont even know who raheem devaughn is so ill check him out and let you know !!
POS he is my all ... and i could n't ask for more ...
NEU rt _ net : inri cristo : a vers?o m?stica de `` hotel california ''
POS now casting single men & women who are looking for love online ! : are you a single , in your 20 's , 30 's or 40 's and ...
NEG man dont change the money . . money change the man . .
NEG okays , im gon na do my makeup and get dressed now . no one talks to me - . -
POS rt your heart and my heart / are very , very old friends . ~ hafiz
POS tip 14 : feelings only need to be felt , so express them safely & privately , & feel better soon-soon ! * wink *
NEU rt sjekk ut ! vampire weekend vs yeasayer - giving up the alp -LRB- immuzikation blend -RRB- : musikktips
POS i love softlips lip balm in fact , i applied the vanilla flavor just a few mins ago EMO_HAPPY
POS @_souzafan launched our tracker , so join us for free leech ... oh , seed too ! = = > h ttp : / / braziltorrents.com/register.php zj
NEG and the annoying ones make me want to kill . rt awkward people make me laugh
NEU hmmmm . not give the people a choice and expect them to accept the need for change ? interesting and scary idea ! laugh out loud
NEG think i just taught my daughter the nuance btwn `` answering honestly but w/a relevant omission '' and `` lying '' . that probably was n't very smart .
NEU im the first to fall last to know whered you go now im heels over head im hanging upside dwn-boys like girls
NEU ededeh . . jammoko tanya . . logatta bisa tongjii . . hahahaha . . rt : ededeee . so balogat dia eh EMO_HAPPY
NEU i do not have a hickey ! i posted a status on facebook that if 50 people liked it it grow a beard xd
NEU you got plans for lunch ? i think we need to hang out for a bit . also , just to stop me from watching cartoons over lunch .
NEU i-70 westbound from i-71 n. -LRB- 101 -RRB- to i-670 -LRB- 96 -RRB- - jam factor : 0 - incidents : 0 -LRB- -RRB-
NEG greatest hits box almost gone !
NEU i miss you too twin !! i 'll be over in a few hun
NEU see if you can guess where i am now ? hint - they have deschutes black butte porter
NEU rt 7 key ways to promote your personal brand
POS rt _ raj : likes dreamworks animation : wow - movies
NEU cosmowatch virtualization dir : james river , iceweb , nasa and cloud computing | virtualization journal
POS `` now i 'm stronger than yesterday , now it 's nothing but my way ; my loneliness ai n't killing me no more ... '' twirl homoexplosion
NEU hmmmm , to study or to make a nice breakfast ? there 's only one option here , though i may regret it once the pathology marks are in .
POS fafsa saved us $ 5550.00 this time around .
NEU fotolog atualizado : cosplay steampunk
NEU aol : channel editor , finance -LRB- london , gbr -RRB- aoljobs aolcareers jobs tweetmyjobs
POS omg ! - using this my website got 12k views today . national grammar day jonasbrothersare itsnotcool
NEU i wud but ... my bday tomoro . . i ai n't puttn it down for no1 . . sum1 got ta put it dwn for me . . imjustsayin
NEU 7082 westmoorland dr | berkeley hills | now : $ 1,150,000 | orig : $ 1,200,000 | total reduction : $ 50,000 | days on : 43 |
POS can you please follow me and give me a big shoutout EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks ! my mom is there now she was walking by saw the line and jumped on it laugh out loud
POS at least i would say it , because it 's truly what you are : an adorable , amazing dork with a good soul !
NEU vandalism on 11xx lexington rd , louisville , 40204 , ky -LRB- via spotcrime.com -RRB- : vandalism
POS i got some shit called buryberry weekend ... you would think i was lil wayne lol !
NEU when i get a car , the license plate will say `` haxlulz '' .
POS f1 remember , the 2009 race edit is now on the f1 web ! great to be able to watch it at last !!
POS laugh out loud its cooliooo !! i get off today if you wan na come by before kid pick up time lmaoo !! or you know they 're more than welcome too lol !!
NEG the judges on idol are making me not want to watch the show .
NEG i have n't seen him yet today . i was hoping for a smile
NEU her pin is 20d60 ... EMO_HAPPY not giving any of you hahaha !
NEU complexity gaming - counter-strike | world of warcraft | team ... : today , major league gaming has annou ...
POS after looking at the picture with the article i understand why someone would buy an island .
POS loving the track playing on 6music right now
NEG my knuckle is big , got ta work on lefty
NEU the urban playground
NEG grrrrrrraaaaaahhhhh ! godd@$ maya ! why wont you work for me ?! EMO_HAPPY i really need to see if i can get a tutor to help me learn this stuff . EMO_HAPPY
NEU signal : extreme thing 2010 : the ricardo laguna pro bmx dirt challenge .
NEU made it to work , printing out a krs ... blah ! missing his baby like crazy ! i love you ! always and forever !
NEU listening to juke box hero by foreigner rhapsody
POS ppp has surpassed the 100,000 view mark . a big thank you to our fans and our web partners &
POS it was really coool !! . x i told jack about it and he started pissing himself !! i looovvveee yooouu sooooo mucchhh
POS rt : ever wonder about sin : fat or gay ? my video response
POS good morning ! temps right now in the upper 20s .
NEG oh em geee !!! why do i have to be a bean head looser !!!?
NEU my guess is the ` larry show ' or ` madowo on business n tech '
NEU i done texted and called this guy _ matt ... he still has n't hit me back .
NEU it 's nice to look over your high school yearbook and see things are still the same as they were . you can still say `` who are these people ? ''
NEG you need to bathe , dude .
NEU would you consider looking at my site and giving feedback ?
NEU rt _ aguiar : rt : cara , sete anos de fallen ???? uhuuuuhhh !!! worldevanescenceday happybdayfallen
NEU rt lah kau mamaknya kek mana ! : kasih makan lah ini sodara kalian
NEU more work . -LRB- @ o'hare airport terminal 3 -RRB-
POS just took `` what kind of animal are you in bed ? '' and got : a teddybear ! try it ?
POS rt : five minutes to go ! winner will be randomly selected and announced at 12:01 pm est. nbs
POS your friends seem to be extra supportive of you now but upon c. . . more for taurus
POS rt : i like to play the patric stump video on lockerz.com
POS rt : vas : are business owners & understand many if not all functions of keeping a business running like a well oiled machine .
NEU rt : announcement : call for hosting providers to present at arin xxv
NEU the rolling stones - you can t always get what you want
POS i just took `` which twilight new moon character are you ? '' and got : jacob ! try it :
POS australia wbu ? EMO_HAPPY
POS wow is all i have to say
NEU i thought everyone knew that ?
NEG rt : i 've wasted so much time on chicks ... thank god i did n't waste the same amount of $ $ $ -LRB- i feel the same way -RRB-
POS if you do it i would definitely watch it !
NEG loss of ub rehabilitation program will hurt region : the attending physicians are also faculty at the university at ...
POS i am off that college work to do ill be on my phone if yah want me just @ reply my EMO_HAPPY love yah all thanks for following ... ... . :-RRB- < 3 xoxo
NEU have they told you who goes tonight yet ?
NEG ai n't asking nobody for nothing
POS my niche is better than yours !
POS sorry to hear it . have made extra noise for you . good luck !
NEU guys how many times wud you like you are lady to call you in a day ???
NEG have you heard about the secret behind ? the secret ?? -LRB- this is shocking stuff -RRB- ...
NEU video : the chimney pro * to the rescue * cape cod , ma
NEU rt want expert career development advice ? attend our free web seminar `` brand : you '' on wed. march 31 !
POS oh my god thank u !!!
NEU check us out broadcasten live on ustream heres the link ...
NEU landed in denver ... quick layover before continuing to la. . . and then get ready for 3 broadcast in 2 days ...
NEG _ mzunderstood i might have one f too because my professor gives us nothing but tests & no homework . what you got an f in ?
NEU beginning itunes reconstruction on new laptop . 9,709 songs and 37 gbs to go through ...
POS 4real ! rt : ok i am obsessed with carrie underwoods cowboy cassanoca song . it takes a woman that hot to make like country .
POS my thursday eavening tv line-up goesss eastenders , snogmarryavoid , then hotter than my daughter , then after a while skins . woop EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : how dead is print ?
NEU rt _ gops : sen. mcconnell on hcr just now : `` this is a fight between democrats inside the beltway and -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU conta logo o segredoooo . com . com . com . com -LRB- _ cardlpj live on
NEU dm he 's just parked in my driveway ...
NEU hopes adaa yangg aneehh di.seqolaaa ! -LRB- dance -RRB-
POS stare at it and you can kind of see him falling =d renee , lesson learned , right ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU _ kuro weeeek , ngapain gw disayang maho , wkwkwk EMO_HAPPY
NEU nowplaying cruel summer - bananarama
POS 2 and a half hours until i see jim halpert 's beautiful baby !!!
NEU -- 3 earthquakes in less than 2 month span ?!! groaning now but one day the earth will shake w / joy .
NEU i need to act upon my feelings . even if my feelings tell me to distance myself from a person i love or have love for . its for the best .
NEU have some curiosity about twitter , facebook , adwords , and how to utilize them for your mlm ?
NEU reformist economist saeid laylaz?s prison sentence reduced to 3 years following appeal ? gvf iranelection
NEU kyun dooriyan - shafqat amanat ali -LRB- 2010 -RRB- -LSB- pakistani album -RSB- : singer : shafqat amanat alimusic director : shafqat am ...
POS _ x3 alright ima hit yall up tomarro after this nigga do somethin on my whip
NEU confirmed : microsoft 's project pink lives , and it 's coming to verizon -LSB- exclusive -RSB-
NEG i would n't want to live forever . even though i would meet new people , i would lose everyone in my life . . it would be unbarable
NEG that 's is the logic . but twitter is now against common sense
NEU free refrigerator -LRB- astoria , queens -RRB- : free refrigerator , standard model , light creme color . mus ...
NEU rt : i write about and elijah wood 's film for
NEG anyone else watching terps vs blue devils ?! fear the turtle !!! bandwagonfan kanyeshrug i 'm new to maryland laugh out loud
POS it looks really nice outside !! sun is out
NEG _ but by time i load up my computer it will be 9 and you 'll be gone d :
NEG i am whipped . i am starting to think about marriage and shit . i need her . get her to talk to me . please ?
POS i just got up to 28,044 in doodlejump !!! beat that !
NEU rt : nkorho cam : hyena by : penny2
POS random just watch it :d
NEU vick?s future still uncertain -LRB- the mercury -RRB-
NEU - alexander mcqueen ?? , ???? , ????
NEG awww , can i see ? nobody deserves to be put down .
NEU new : quick video post : my company 's latest expansion revealed ! - please feel free to rt !
NEG bob bryar `` booted '' from my chemical romance ? oh that 's a real nice way to put it cockbags . i always liked rocksound better anyway
POS _ austin i am pro-union ! let 's quiz pub emp union mems & see what they know about labor movement . raised by local pres & business agent .
POS laugh out loud h-i-triple x. i wonder what you thought i said durin the verse .
NEU icheatedbecause i want to bootleg my own sex tape .
POS praying for you my sista !! -- > rt living with aids is a pain !!!
NEG oh & now my batteries gon na die . sum1 hates me 2nite missed chezza & am gon na miss
POS you should visit me in gorontalo . you can stay at my house ! :d laugh out loud
NEU the lounge : emissions trading scheme gripe : author : thalasssubject : emissions trading scheme gripeposted : 05 marc ...
NEU _ robertson_uk thanks but i still miss the legs , i work out & still i know i 'll never have them back .
POS getting ready to rock out at made with love bakery and cafe - today at 4pm ! yummy , yummy ...
NEU iremember when i first saw pokerface by ladygaga i thought it was wack but i love it abdc
NEU rt : what if you were at a party , and h.r. pufnstuf showed up ?
NEU scurry county texas : billy e. tankersley - breckenridge american -
POS hahahaha exactly five o'clock and i just finished that sushi cat game ! perfect timing EMO_HAPPY -LRB- been playing on and off -RRB-
NEU rt : 2 pentagon police officers shot at metro station by gunman john patrick bedell : the ap is reporting
NEU ft : china to target economic growth rate of 8 % full
POS goodmorning the swagg rises from his slumber last day last class lets get it poppin nyc by the end of the night loveit !
NEU i would love to go EMO_HAPPY
NEU no sounddd -LRB- live on
NEU rt xbox live changes policy on referencing sexuality , gender , race . -LRB- finally -RRB-
NEU dear god . i wonder if i can trade my lunch break for a nap time today .
POS represented a client at a green card interview in garden city , long island on tuesday . we were in and out and approved in under one hour !
POS hahahahahaha !!! rofl !!! okok cool then ! imma sleep too ! soo late !! nighty night !!!
POS lol . the 10ers are dancing to oh ! again . EMO_HAPPY
POS really looking forward to oakland events for the phoenix flies oh my god you have just got to see this !
NEG twist should tour w. jb cause they both sickkk ! how bout chuckee tho ? -LRB- twistshouldtourwithjb live at
POS - toysoldiers thats simple it was a atari 2600 with pole position and galaxian laugh out loud played with it fo
NEU the prudent see danger and take refuge , but the simple keep going and suffer for it . proverbs 27:12
POS had to send it here , as you 're not following me ;--RRB- i let him know . thanks again !
NEU just got asked if i had a gun in my bag .
NEU rt :
NEU nowplaying : `` basic space '' von the xx . tune in
NEU ok , i do n't think i can last here at work much longer . moved my car so the busses do n't block me in . i hope we 're done before three .
POS this dude is like mj the sequel really . . he always hits the big shot !!!
POS tomorrow is goin to be interestin , so excited to go out of town for 4 days
NEU rt : jonasbrothers jobrosdancethriller jonasfamily vamos jonatikas rt
NEG rt : it 's not true ? yep.no one can confirm story as the source of breakingnews . * damaginghercareer *
POS that amazing girl gave that speech years ago . . she is still speaking today ! still working for cause she believes in ...
NEU masih ada , tapi bukan yg buat special shownya . gw masih ada 2 .
NEG i hate children laughter in scary movies < __ <
NEU alright ... it 's midnight . where are my new redskins ?
NEU ada yg versi jawa nya . . kocak!rt : i love you jesus . . deep down in my heart , take a bow deep deep down down . deep down in my heart
POS brent and brad in hot flip flop fuck action -
NEU gender references x factor judge dannii minogue says sorry for comments abou
NEU ele ...
NEU the end of the end
NEU i uploaded a youtube video -- happy birthday ...
NEU _ band scacover
NEG i took ballet/tap/jazz classes when i was 8 ... not by choice rt : if you 're awake , me a randomfact about you .
NEU wireless industry grew by 5.9 million subs in q4 09 ? phone reviews
NEU we are doing our best to stop the b.c.c from turning mitchie high-rise - why pick us ?
NEU jake pavelka and vienna girardi play ? newlywed game ? on ? ellen ? video : how well do newly-minted ? bachelor ? couple ...
NEG rt : if any1 thinks is being rude , annoying , or mean . . go to bed and wake up again , think if you were in his place , you 'd be pissed too
NEU china backs diplomacy , not sanctions , on iran -LRB- ap -RRB-
NEG i spilled milk all up in my phone .
NEU when he walked through the village , other men took quiet note and the women 's pleasure went undisguised . brazil 842
POS very excited today - i am taking a day off . unheard of ! going to a market to shop . catching up with a friend . and doing other fun things : -RRB-
NEU _ ririe di rmh gw go ahead asik . . ? h?h?h?h ?
POS phoenix - free i-pod touch : just got a newer one for my birthday . this one works fine and i 'm giving it away . youd ...
POS ibelieve in you and me . everything will be alright .
POS q : can me & you get to kno each i think you real cute & wat not & you seem like a cool p. . . a : who are u ?
POS looking forward to seeing too of course .
NEG i more hour to go . then . . i 'm dead . tt ^ tt
POS guys i just noticed this , $ 30 for two commissions from two of my favorite cartoonists : -LRB- and -RRB-
NEU learn to draw a car and impress your friends : have you ever tried to draw a car and failed terribly ? you should
POS welcoming joe sinclair ; social media svengali , author of wkw , and marketing director into the guided team .
NEU i finally figure it out , no point getting angry over some childish and immature kid , just be happy for yourself . ?
NEU rt : ff 6
NEU ' ... establish a decent broadband system in all rural areas of the uk ' -- allan hathaway
POS laugh out loud oh my god and ahahhah is it just me or most of justin is about sex laugh out loud oh how you do me and first dance laugh my ass off
POS that 's right . i could really go for a coffee right about now too .
NEG @_davechappelle ogochocinco was injured in a fatal cargo pants commercial ... it 's hideous to watch
NEU sleep early , its still 8.34 p.m bit tired , and gon na wake up at 11 p.m to study , byee EMO_HAPPY
NEU wi-fi stumblers disappear from apple app store
NEG so tired ! first week back to work and i 've had to start before 8am the last 4 days . big sleep planned for tomorrow
NEG _ xo you get me , using words like lugubrious -LRB- like this guy it 's all crazy ...
NEU designing the rubric : the correlates of effective schools via
NEU ask me anything
NEU tonight will try unlock and change bb pin .
NEU start saving money now ! i will teach you how -LRB- part 1 -RRB- | the ...
NEU yeaa i was tortured fa real haha ... wut you doin ?
NEU ariz. senate backs bill to restrict local gun laws
NEG my loc is still on my profile ... wth
NEU rt : believe in half of what you hear , most things that you see , and all that you feel .
POS rt justin im thinking you should do a half hour session where you just reply to your fans non stop EMO_HAPPY what do you think ? 30
POS i want to read : princess for hire by lindsey leavitt
NEU _ goblins i must say that having minmax throw goblinslayer through a window over kin and his rape statement -LRB- 1/2 -RRB-
NEU hearts beat stronger in the hands of the hollow
POS you are my sunshine , my only sunshine , you make me happy when skies are grey ...
NEU shower time ... i gots to be at work at 6am
NEG i ran the games . `` born to be wild '' is my nightmare song .
NEU ayuuuuukkkksss ... rt : minum sekuteng yuks !!
POS whoever invented these deserves a noble prize
NEU i think placesiwannahave sex should be placesihavehadsex
POS rt : daydreaming is the best for boosting my mood
NEG man the earth is a lil angry i see this morning , big quake in indonesia and huge aftershock in chile today .
NEU in the words of the true mooner , my arm is gnarley , dude .
NEG _ moody you better be there !! i have n't missed a show yet !
NEU when an indian returns from us ...
POS wsj : unemployed not at the office so not spreading flu means quiet flu season ergo everyone should work from home !
NEU si perfecto . -LRB- live on
NEU edmonton : meeting held for possible school closure
NEG why are 3rd level colleges semi-finals played one day and then they must play the final straight away the next day ????
NEU county wants to vote down rybolt park -
NEG im tired of thinking of ways to create playlist using visual basic and windows media player control
NEG all this time . . all i have done is clean 1 room ... partially grrrrr ! ... still a little bothered by my talk with someone on aim last nite EMO_HAPPY
POS - yes it did . just found out about it yesterday afternoon . any ideas what to do ?
POS playing with my lil sister , sometimes it 's funny forget all ... :d
NEU gw waswas klu masang picnya di hp gw as wallpaper , tkt banyak semut anjinggombal
NEU i posted 9 photos on facebook in the album `` 50th birthday party_planned by sconetti ''
NEU here is the video i mentioned in my last tweet .
NEU maybe i should get on skype ... i 'm not doing formspring . . but hmmm skype ?
NEU rt : vote 4 these abolitionist ideas to win pepsi refresh grants . freedomfriday rt 2 win !
POS photo : readmypockyface : waaa ! waaannnttt !!!!!!!
NEG i am lost without you .
NEU ebay buying tips -LRB- lorraine venner -RRB- ? vici blog : how to get the best deals on ebay . finding deals is exciting . it f. . .
NEG by the way , i always thought i was green rather than blue . it was a bad passport photo i used for my profile picture .
POS - i agree i would do anything to get one of these , that would be so awesome framed and on my wall , , ,
POS rt : i was abt to ask you if you were ok ?! lol !!! < -- lol yeah i 'm good
NEU knp sayang ? rt : wan na cry . uhh , menye menye
NEU food label jungle is hard to navigate
POS get thousand of followers for free ! vip are getting over 1,000 per day !!
NEU cameron learned ashcroft tax status `` last month '' - reuters
NEU another toy soldiers code ,
NEU not sure about vista , but it 's usually `` run '' then type cmd to get to dos prompt , then `` ipconfig / all ''
NEG heading home after 12 plus hours on duty . had to clean someone else 's weapon without q-tips ...
NEU pergunta l ??
POS thanks !!! for the ff love !!
NEG they shooting at the pentagon ? maaaaannnn people are mad as fuck .
NEU 3d printing changing prosthetics forever
NEU oh yeah . this is happening .
NEU chorus :
NEU i think this is debbie 's twitter ff
NEU rt : rt : the disaster of the 20k job loss under bush vs. the really good news of 36k lost jobs under o tcot
POS rt make loads of money !
POS `` can we trust our own heart ? '' absolutely!our heart is the most sacred place.it 's where truth lies.and where god dwells .
POS n i m going to mumbai after 2 weeks . . that proves that i can survive without going home -LRB- at least for 2 weeks ! :p -RRB-
NEU -LSB- mixtape -RSB- young money - gangland 6 -- get it live !
NEG doin my hair -LRB- which is goin to take forever -RRB- and some preparation for spring break . u ?
NEU rt _ viibe `` bitches smile up in yo face , turn around and talk shit . you a industry bitch , i 'm in the streets bitch . ''
NEU rt : i 've almost always picked the best time to drop the worst lines
NEU rt : `` advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper . '' thomas jefferson
NEU want a virtual preview of what mauchu picchu looks like ?!
POS rt : the top 100 jewish moments in film via
NEU it 's some minutes after 1 and i 'm a little sleeply so i 'll sleep right now ! * insert generic guitar riff *
NEU show de bola . pode mandar segunda a noite . relax .
NEU mewithoutyouislike scott mescudi -LRB- kid cudi -RRB- without w e e d ; thetruth .
POS follow me pleaseee EMO_HAPPY you 're amazzzzing !! kingstonfollows . .
NEG i have the worst posture .
NEU me too ! some people lose it after midnight ! laugh out loud
NEU i just snapped a new picture :
NEU ngejelasin film my name is khan sama si fadly hahaha dia nya go ahead ngerti2 subhanallah !
POS have you enter the awesome zevia giveaway yet today ?! bfc belly fat cure
NEG '' ` i 'm going to fuck them , ' he imed a friend . '' oh , modern business . the internet hath made you mighty .
POS laugh out loud cause i know you would n't . i 'm fragile . touch with care
NEU rt : don king hints that mike tyson may be returning to the ring very soon
POS a day is in advance tho ha ! but seriouslly think bout it ... laugh out loud it actually is . & umm where you stay at again ?
POS boy i aint boojee . . lol . i keeps it real , you feel me ...
NEU rt : start over ?! here 's why insurance cos want us to walk away from reform and why the pres wants them held accountable
POS hey there . we are good . meeting with a house builder today . hope you are well !
NEG revenue managers ... why are we stuck with rooms only ? arent there other revenue producing areas ???
POS no ceilings best mixtape ever
POS _ kay then get one my dear
POS just let me kno its about 2 start gettin hot so you kno a nigga goin 2 be on the move
POS you should n't be everyone loves u !!
NEU and he said `` you wont find another like me '' , so she said `` i hope not '' - more funny statuses :
NEU is it true they call me helena without breath ? yes because when we look at you our breath is shortened .
NEU rt : what kind is that ? -LRB- my version of a margaretta pizza w / onions -RRB-
POS wooo ! you get the book ... that is great ! i ? daniel but want cam ! 900 oooo good luck ! ... xoxo you are interseting ... it wo n't be
NEU my phone went dead laugh my ass off
POS here 's a great pre-review of the divination deck i designed : you can still preorder a copy here : tarot
NEU photo : vitamia : now i feel like watching this
NEG i drove a whole lot today . only 3 more weeks and i take the test : /
NEU EMO_HAPPY born to be wild
NEU fantasyland forest will remain within the current train track boundry
NEU is the hunt for a new ? good will ? over ?
NEG tonight is date night with joe . - and i?m in such a weird mood ? i just want to lay in bed and cry all night ...
NEU why is everything so much easier to type rather than to say ?
NEG bored out of my mine
NEU man oh man well you know courtney hull is trying to convince men they met her again and requesting all my male fb friends ...
POS 25 amazing and fresh jquery plugins - speckyboy design magazine
NEU going out of the country for a few days
POS rt we are now at the new location . 1804 newport blvd is poppin off ! come by and check us ...
POS rt : june 10th season 3 starts ... EMO_HAPPY that show !
NEU i actually do n't drink coffee ; the only coffee i drink is caramel frappes/frappuccinos .
POS suge said if they had let me finish my set i wouldve had them shootin . . laugh my ass off
NEU - you 've been hanging out with tiffany , eh ?
NEG sorry so long getting back to you my pc froze and crashed laugh out loud ugh . . my day is getting better , def going for a ride later .
POS fudge made with vegan condensed soya milk by my friend alice ! EMO_HAPPY via
NEU girl you have been soo lost !!! i havent seen you in 2 months . hope all is well . love you !
POS laugh my ass off how you gon get to my house ?
NEU i?m at a stage in my life where i?m having a hard time caring about things . fortunately , i don?t care .
POS follow me !!
NEG always , i wan na be with you . and make belive with you . and live in harmony harmony . .
NEU eos 100rb additional black wireless remote speaker for use with eos base system
NEG * jimzus ! tis too early u2 * rt : cos you drank too much camel piss as a kid ! rt : -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU just waiting for one guy to come along and prove me wrong ...
NEG the wind is ho
NEG i miss the old days . .
POS hi renee , how are you going , i hope that you do n't mind me lokking you up . hey
POS rt _ am_shanel : you know i know where all the good fat girl snacks are in the dc area laugh out loud < -- lmaoooo
POS hey , you there , have you met my friend cuz you should , and by meet , i mean follow EMO_HAPPY
NEU i really do n't know how you n do it ! your like bloody robots ! my hat off to both of you ! i 'll stick to treadmil
POS - and !! break you are record . and live like a king !!!
NEU the eye of judgment : legends 2010 - psp :
POS 5 * microtut is cool : centering a div both horizontally and vertically -LRB- via -RRB-
NEU `` you can not exploit your baby for sales '' - dwight , the office . haha
NEU eu acabei de comprar um water lily lamp no stardoll . confira minha su?te !
NEU rennovations & additions ? ranktest 's blog : if you are looking for sustainable solutions for your next / home renno ...
NEU but we only lost by a little bit to !
POS rt : rt lady gaga sh ** watch how i poke her face ! nowplaying `` trunt up '' by t-breezy
NEU they 're having fun but the heck , i 'm not . - . -
POS if anyone is interested in a free lyric api with revenue share get in touch . i 've 1.7 million lyrics sitting here waiting to be utilised !
POS follow because she 's my sister & i love her sooooooo much ! & she 's saved ! sanctified , water baptized & holy ghost filled !!
NEU sign up for the guestpulse free trial and know what your guests are saying . 20 second sign up .
NEU asked the couple next to me if they thought it was too loud ... they pulled out their earplugs and asked , `` what ? ''
POS love me do
NEU yahoo-regionalnews : enam rumah di sibolga hangus terbakar : liputan6.com , sibolga : diduga akibat hubungan pen ...
POS it was delicious ! i 'm pretty much a prettier version of nigella .
NEU how can i decorate a room just like this nice ?! EMO_HAPPY
NEU itunya gundul ngga ? wakakakart : gw agak gondrong koq gak gundul . hehehe . . rt : gundul muuuuu -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEG rawrrawrrawr . you 're supposed to still be stuck on me .
NEG rt : liz cheney : taking flak from the right as well as the left
NEU _ cs re : latency checker - in a xendesktop env you can get the latency -LRB- and bw -RRB- with hdx monitor
NEU meaningful menagerie : happy thanksgiving acorns card : all blog content is the original artwork and property of cha ...
NEG i am sooo bored. :
NEG it 's so hot ! this el nino is becoming more and more intolerable . .
NEG i 've gone through it logically and it just doesnt make sense ! he has ruled out all continents except africa or s.america !
NEG hehe , m mad at you jor , u did n't call me back . . but yh , dts part of it. :-LRB-
NEU get your copy of farmvillesecrets first and original farmville guide better than mafia wars or warcraft .
NEU took the `` voc ? ? realmente f ? do joe jonas ? '' quiz & got : wow , voc ? ? realmente f ? do joseph ! :d ! what about you ? ?
NEU just in : belinda neal reacts to her pre-slection loss .
POS thank you for the ties and signed pics , they arrived safe and sound this morning ! x
NEG omg , i was just winked at by steve buscemi 's doppleganger . i kid you not . ew .
NEG have just re-pierced own nose and had mini pity party in the bath with jelly beans . slightly more spontaneous than give self credit for .
NEG rt _ ang : the man who views the world at fifty the same as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life - muhammad ali quote
NEU rt : get into it !! spectrum cosmetics -- >
NEG rt : do n't really wan na call it a night but i guess i 'll go to sleep !
POS oh ! and also saturday , or shall i say black saturday , and will be back in ester sunday!haha
POS meet the most gorgeous boys in all the world ! ------------ >
NEU for your information i was he '05 you can read more at facebook.com/glamourgals
NEG i wish i had a london accent EMO_HAPPY
NEG you havea cold . it 's be rude not to
POS frustrated ? try this incredible way to earn real money in 24 hours ! - check this out now ! this could be the answer 4 u !
POS wny is everything about lbp awesome ? the music the cuteness asdfghjk
POS the next radio commercial for texano comes on at 11:50 pm !!! hot 1079 make sure you listen for it !!!
NEG someone pm 'd me saying they won and they did n't what the fuck you think i 'm stupid ?? -LRB- do n't answer that -RRB- someone just trying to get something for free
NEG this is not the business . !!!
NEU gameday
POS laugh out loud how you figure ?
NEU diving a wreck off puerto del carmen today - short boat ride out of the harbor
NEU rt : wheres the place to be tonite ? any suggestions ? < let us both know . . i might step out too
POS i 'm with mickey mouse . EMO_HAPPY
NEU tribute videos : i decided to put some videos from fans who are working hard their bass technics and the music and ...
NEG q : youh shouldn ; ; t bcuxz youh kan die . a : like i said , i only do once in a while , but i 'm done w. . .
NEU my twitter location is where da cash at
NEU why were n't you allowed on air a few days ago ?
NEU rt : do you believe that social networks decrease productivity in the workplace ? please vote 4 a post :
NEU cleveland cavaliers 99 x 92 detroit pistons ; theking foi o cestinha do jogo com 40 pontos * - *
NEU i 'm using whoshere on my iphone , join me , my friend code is emgqm .
NEU torne ??? ps3 | ??
NEU the weather in lelystad at 08:30 -0.4 c 85pct 3.5 m/s ne
POS time fur breakfast , den bakk ` gain for the one and only queen of pop ? madonna ?!!
POS sales and specials available this week only : hello digital scrappers , scrapbooks gone digital ! has news for you!di ...
NEU i 've been served . thanks for the splash of cold water .
NEU trealquotes `` man 's mind stretched to a new idea , never goes back to its original dimension . '' - oliver wendell holmes
POS maybe they appeal to my desire for a nice , ordinary , warm , pleasant life .
NEU catch suzie in the kitc ... : catch suzie in the kitchen in her skirt and then stripping it all offvid?o ci-dessous ...
POS going to skate with ... peace ! , pick us up in town when you get out of work please =] thank you
POS i love u !!! srsly you are my new bf ! i need new product reviews and vids immediately !
POS my first and favorite follower EMO_HAPPY ? i love you guys , and wait you ! argentina wants to be rocked by you !
NEU i 've for sure been there as well
NEU travel insurance : ` something to declare : indian visa fiasco for uk tourists ; rail deals for ... - - via thisnewz.com
POS i just got the mac heist bundle . 7 awesome mac apps worth $ 260 + for only $ 20 and got 3 sweet bonus apps free !
NEU new post : biscuit teacher and sugar candy ep . 16 part 1
NEU top-down with all the / / back close - / / in taking donations haiku
NEU rt : if you are in a hurry you will never get there .
NEG now i know that i cant make you stay . but wheres your heart .
NEU rt : iran 's ahmadinejad calls sept. 11 attacks on u.s. a ` big fabrication ' to justify the war on terrorism - irna news agency via reuters
POS cant wait to watch remember me !! haha
NEU the dance of the cosmo shows , as above so below
POS rt : in staying home tonight . who 's got a blackberry ? keep me entertained and bbm me. ; ; bbm me hoe EMO_HAPPY 312bb5ee
NEU should have came we having a blast . . but they gettin crazier the later it get
POS where in australia are you performing , ? ox .
NEU did you get peanut butter on your caps lock key again ?
NEU what are archdiocese 's priorities ? dan rodricks : that will be a challenge , tougher than the last time the archdioc ...
NEU you woulda been really stuntin on niggas if you put your lambo in the back laugh out loud dont shit on em like dat doe soulja
POS congratulations on the 26 lb . weight loss . keep it off .
NEU i 'm at jacksonville international airport -LRB- jax -RRB- -LRB- jax , jacksonville -RRB- .
NEU rt travel ny rt new at video cafe : david gregory : `` bush was courageous too on iraq '' health fas ...
POS i have to say that i loved alice in wonderland ? EMO_HAPPY
POS i go to alabama state and i love it im glad i made this choice
NEU rt : there is zero difference between people dancing to mgmt and the peanuts cast dancing in front of linus and his piano
NEU wa : null and 46 f at bartow municipal , fl winds are northwest at 4.6 mph -LRB- 4 kt -RRB- . the humidity is 62 % .
NEU rt : cosmic breakthrough : exotic antimatter thought to exist right after big bang is created on earth .
NEU - fotos - antigas de rbd
NEG biological pets i 'm on board with . human pets suggests a dungeon environment i was n't prepared for on a sunday afternoon
POS listening to the new webcomics weekly . maybe it 's the hour or the fact that i listened to cc2c but i keep hearing my own voice ! in there !
POS jst left us berley ! . . on my way back at the keyboard home
NEG with boys like you , i 'm better off on my own
NEU yu shuldve went nd had a good time laugh out loud
NEU nada a ver com o cadu kkkkkkkkkkkkkk -LRB- live on
NEU calling to mess with her
NEU new post ? a guide for kitten care cat tips - the type of pet supplies you buy will determine the overall health o. . .
POS rt : `` one thing that 's forever is a soulmate ''
NEG have to watch the oscars online tonight due to those b at sky putting it on a pay channel ...
POS send some my way please ...
POS a bit of good news about classical music in the u.s.
NEU shoutout to all the people who was holding me down in twitterjail even though i was in that bitch for 4 hours
NEU rt new xbmc media center and the microsoft media center plugins for tvcatchup.com see
POS espresso + writing + making omlettes . i love sundays .
NEG rt : _ freshh what did i tell you fools !!?
POS hahah what is she doing here ?
POS rt : happy feet ...
NEG why was it fruitless ?
POS nice work - personally i prefer the cane . ;--RRB- rt _ evans $ 5 riding crops ... thinking of you .
POS okay !! im gewd !! got a random axx text from t n he made my day !!
NEU you are clear in your communications , especially when expressi ... more for scorpio
NEU when my cd gets boring , i 'll call you to hear about you are `` long '' night !
POS good night twitter . and thanks for a day , that made me tweet and booth more . write me !
POS rt _ slick yeahh dat shit is iight - __ - -- iight ? that shit ohdee poppin nigga
NEU shopping at an organic food store | 24/7 online shopping : if you have just recently decided to switch to organic f. . .
POS i hit the gym 2day . feel so good and fresh.my face looks so much bettr wd all that sweating out
POS it was good , i had a great time ! ready to get back to ny . `` in da streets '' you say , where 'd ya go ?
NEU chef , you 're a very gif-able guy : i 've made too many . :d
NEG morgan is so mean to me . lol .
NEG this is alarmingly true . but at least with twitter , i have something to do with my lack of sleep besides watch anime
NEU early birthday present ? apaan ? kok diem2 aja -_-
NEU bad romance - lady gaga x3
POS i totally gon na love the new season of `` sonny with a chance '' !! so random laugh out loud
NEU rt : wao ! you profile is amazing = selena gomez . your fans like and respect me more than you do .
NEG even though i hate you my life would suck without you !
POS got a sunday off and i get to watch the atlanta race today . yippee ! over in rowdy chat as well if people want to come join in .
NEU jajaja creo que usted es un lamer-troll . fail
POS yea man ... but yea things do seem to fall in place if you let em right ... man i might see you soon anyway smh EMO_HAPPY
POS yeah EMO_HAPPY i was given season 1 remastered as a gift too , so looking the shiny and pretty EMO_HAPPY i want spock .
NEU and when was this ?
NEU rt : fly to the moon - casely
POS hoping there is space on the bellbowrie under 15s hockey team !!!
POS im very very good EMO_HAPPY just finished work and home now to relax . . got uni and work tomorrow :-LRB- what you been doing ?? ?
POS that 's why you are one of my heros laugh out loud
NEG don?t miss ! $ 250 in free outback steakhouse gift cards ! -LRB- usa offer -RRB-
NEG rt @ : wooyyy !!! tell all i 'm in badmood .
POS rt : could you please watch she did who i am and a bunch of other songs in signed english ! EMO_HAPPY
POS finally ... cape town gets rain after days of heat !!
NEU rt : acne treatments gainesville - information for healthy skin ... : there are lots of solutions that c. . .
POS we love lil twist because that nigga rap
NEU the next web?s weekly recap : real time web , ipad and the startup visa
POS yeah i think i was laugh out loud
POS can somebody recommend some bands to me ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU oh dear lord my head . at least is making me a tea ;--RRB-
POS _ duh aaaawe c : that is too cute for words 8d i love you and would adore it if you got me one n ___ n
POS : eff folgers ! the best part of waking up , is this crazy-awesome lemonade that my dad makes , in your cup . delicious !
POS this weather reminds me of thanks giving . . i think imma have boston market tonight !! or does someone want to cook me that food ?? ha
NEU new sports community tower , family fitness club launched in pasir ris-punggol | singapore : residents of pasir . .
NEG this place is dead . finishing my beer that was bought for me and moving on !! ha
POS i 'm a better man today than i was yesterday .
POS i will travel all over the world to find and buy my world 2.0 . promise ... !!! 91
NEU rt rt : ???? rt ????????? ??????????????? ?????
POS many thanks . EMO_HAPPY yes . first race of the year . i 'm so excited . :d
NEU lockport : churches plan haiti aid show
POS rt : one week till hugo nomination deadline ! details here : / via
NEU * smiles weakily , whispers * thank you ... * touches your cheek , you feeling how weak i am getting *
NEG ah yes the screaming baby . $ 20 says next to me on this long flight
POS i love . . seriously . . check this out .
POS duck and cover & everything will b ok .
POS welovezanessa because they 're so sweet to each other . they hold each other 's back every minute and second EMO_HAPPY
POS ahahha . im guessing that was to me . well that would be entertaining . hahah that would only fill up one lunch though .
NEG cards missing out my deck
NEU aio cd - dvd burners -LRB- 5 burners -RRB- -
POS movie with my mommy . perfect for a rainy day . EMO_HAPPY
POS langgeng yaa rt : 1/3 year with . thank god . how i love you , dude EMO_HAPPY
NEU disc + hbo : buy the blu-ray or dvd , watch on demand instantly - find , shop for and buy hbo at amazon.com
NEU rt : bah -_- rt : fans tuh rt : ngek ada org nelpon pas diangkat eh mati
POS pretty good , i 've written a lot so that 's definitely good !
NEU you know what i researched international ... artist ... who cares abt american statistics ... but now im doing american statistics ...
NEU runpippirun trying to send a single mommy to vegas & tao for shots of ciroc
NEU will ferrell ' e sensacional em land of the lost , rachei de rir . . recomendo pra quem tem bom humor ! minhas 2h de folga ! vamos em frente
NEU rt : for casen i endorse who is right on the issues and has stood with us for decades . teaparty tcot ocgop
NEU : tom dice and his guitar
POS photo : whoop whoop
NEG sorry about that . here 's what the oscar goody bag has
NEU new post : home speed cleaning secrets .
NEU : `` stay '' - nick jonas & the administration . .
POS go and follow < shes freaking amazing EMO_HAPPY x EMO_HAPPY
NEU real time ? record em 2 ? tv
NEG see now get outta my neck o the woods !!!!
NEU black & white pics of rob from the remember me press junket
NEG my speech is so hypocritical .
NEG nothing is as hard to do gracefully as getting down off your high horse .
NEG rt : there is a direct correlation between being a superior band and no one wanting to read about you . do n't be offended . jus ...
POS i am the dj tonight ! rt : i hope will appear and kick the dj off tonight .
POS rt : i got ta follow nicki minaj she told in a song they got she gon put her puss on his chipped tooth lls tht chick is wild ilike
POS not coonery . i want chicken and grits ... is that a crime ?? laugh out loud
NEG i do n't know what my heart wants . i do n't want to see him , but then i do . . i do n't know EMO_HAPPY
NEG also the credit music from avril lavigne was awfully jarring - was not and am not a fan of hers !
NEU check this video out -- jfk speech on secret societies and freedom of the press
NEG rt : if you are n't good at loving yourself , you will have a difficult time loving anyone .
NEG rt _ onthemoon what the fuck is up with the trending topics ? smh .
NEU ask me anything
NEU what 's good my nigga ?
POS _ of_cfe am i playin to harsh , lmaoo << whats score ? laugh out loud
POS goodnight world . may tomorrow bring you peace . EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
NEG says ... wew ... nid to review n . . hahaha ... finals n eeh ... sna d aq tamad : - din . .
POS re : `` lol im starting to like matthew '' -- yes , well he 's a very likable fellow , if i do say so myself . EMO_HAPPY
POS so i 'm getting a tribute peace for baltimore ... it 's 1200 for the tat ... lol np ... we the moneymen let 's do it
NEU rt : should i even bother to keep you interested ? yeah duh ! keep the tea boiling hot
NEU every so often , i crave finding someone who loves and accepts every part of me , no matter how odd , scary or badly dressed.not.gonna.happen .
NEU giving this hockey thing another try and i 'm liking his effort out there . i missed his injury , he okay ?
NEU
NEU rt : `` stuff `` mydadsays `` i lost 20 pounds ... how ? i drank bear piss and took up fencing . how the -LRB- heck -RRB- you think , son ? i exercised . ''
NEU an emailer reminds me that keith acton actually pre-dates fergie with the leafs . he 's on his third head coach . who does he have pictures of ?
NEU basic concepts iii : history and recent trend of online fx market : the recently technology advancement has br ...
POS maybe you can follow me ? just press my follow button :d
NEU with your shoulder or what ?
NEU home insurance owner quotes . you can get much lower rates .
NEU yoga 's benefits , detriments might be a stretch : jon : i really want someone to try and explain to me why stretching ...
NEG myspace limit per song is 6m . my track is 6,7 m at 128 kbps . fuck myspace . this is not a place for music . such sizes suit ringtones more ...
NEU rt and follow & monthly contest to win an swatch watch swatchus nygirlstyle giveaway
POS for my mom who beat breast cancer 8 years ago , i love you !
POS is epic !!! EMO_HAPPY clearly i love
NEU tegan and sara on pandora to easy my thoughts
NEU i can issue an extension so 2mrw maybe ??
POS where 's my love ? -14 and then bournemouth !! do you have a little space for me in your suitcase?i would love to come . . but one day ...
NEU -LRB- via sohh -RRB- dj khaled on his place in rap , `` i 'm like the la reid , the berry gordy of hip-hop '' -LSB- audio -RSB- : def jam sout ...
NEG rt : `` if you think about shortages , you?re going to attract more shortage ! '' - wayne dyer
NEU thanks babe i try rt : that sucks you 1 hell of a lady mama . you hold up when most people find a reason to complain
POS off to make the q & a !!!
NEU i ca n't see tt from my phone ... whats trending ?
NEU can i get da follow
NEG rt rt : nationals staff : 50 runs , 67 hits , 12.82 era , 15 pitchers with 9.00 + era . march 6 is too soon to worry . but good god .
POS working on a new game :-RRB-
NEG rt : nick jonas punches his brother joe in the airplane yelling `` its a grey sweater ! get it right ! '' details on e !
NEU ? stepped-up surveillance technology may be tipping the scales in the cat-and-mouse game between spies and ??
NEU tour around buenos aires city 2006
POS rt : shout ! rt : rt : can we get a shout out for all brits supporting remember me and rob in the uk !!
POS watching rocketman . brings back a lot of good memories .
NEU hey follow me back at the keyboard
POS my nephew is so stinking cute !
NEU i 've got to fine keyshia cole 's `` the way it is '' cd ... feel like listening to it
NEU aw do n't worry about it EMO_HAPPY i do n't think you are though because i remember watching swac and telling my friend that too . EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud i am loving it all !!
NEU is that a mac bk . air i see in the pic ?
NEU safe nath / a bike co. : we?d like to welcome safe nath to the uk a bike co team . check out his mutiny decked with ...
POS congrats to swimmers in gr . 1-5 at argenziano & swimmers in gr . 6-8 at the healey for winning their division in the city-wide swim meet !
NEU nowplaying how to disappear completely by radiohead
NEU rt : ok everyone . i just talked to the producer of qanda on the phone and fielding is still on . there are 6 panellists t ...
NEU justin bieber about oscars - - he damn the happy women 's day !
POS i am so happy , sherlockholmes incredible soundtrack ! glad to see others appreciated . now if it wins , crossing my fingers .
NEU about to lay down and watch espn as i think things over ...
POS rt : find something upright , to pull up on !
NEU sameer nigam replied to sumit vohra -LRB- webmaster -RRB- 's discussion ` orientation dates of schools ' : sameer nigam replied ...
POS i wan na thank ma dad from when i was in trouble with the police ... he helped me out of it
POS ifiwerealame i would be just like you ... .
NEG fml for being in the real world ... going to work everyday is so over rated !!!! ca n't wait to get back on school medschool here i come laugh out loud
POS oh you already knoooow xp ha . but once im no longer infectious i 'll make my way on down .
POS hailings to all my peeps top of the morning to yah
NEU rt : read between the words . because the most important things , are left unsaid and unheard . - unknown tls
NEU when i fall in love i take my time , there 's no need to hurry when i 'm making up my mind ...
NEU assisti `` american idol : the top 10 girls take the stage live '' s9ep17 orangotag
POS rt if youre pretty excited bcause is just 15 day untill my world 2.0
NEU you are welcome . . rt : terima kasih untuk teman-teman yang sudah menyebarkan informasi akun resmi
NEU rt : great piece on building community -- `` online community building : gardening vs landscaping '' via
POS happy hour becomes skinny hour , as well . no wonder she 's so happy .
NEU
POS well ... off to my great day EMO_HAPPY
NEU demmi apa?rt : bahasa perancis 25 pg ,15 essay
NEU rt how to quickly and easily peel a hard boiled egg
NEG so bored , waitin on my kiddos 2 get home from school . i 'm still very sleepy but had ta get up.my sam & edwin stop by 2day good luck on house ?
NEU home loan mortgage refinance ? getting a second mortgage | blogskid : you can still get a loan , no amount what you ...
NEU rt : coming up , the politics of happiness : what role can the government play in citizen contentment ? listen at noon
NEU what did we think of the oscar frocks ?
POS * shrughs * i dont mind . just me & my bently , * laughs *
NEU dooney & bourke inspired handbag forsale
POS got the highest compliment today !
POS its not my fault that i am on top of my _ daughtry news !! my twin sister is coming with me to the meet and greet not some werido !! thnks
NEU go to sheridan 's on the docks too -LRB- upstairs -RRB- ...
NEU rt : ? you can measure the depth of a person?s awakening by how they serve others . ? ? kobo daishi ????
NEU best t-shirt ever .
NEU ok job jobs okjobs tulsa oklahoma talent pool at allied barton security services -LRB- tulsa , ok -RRB-
POS i like giants . especially girl giants . cause all girls feel too big sometimes , regardless of their size .
NEU the best thing about ` quote ... unquote ' is the way that zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
NEU sitepronews : webmaster news & resources ? blog archive ? traffic ...
NEG the academy is unfortunately not in that business of time-tested awardsgiving ; i cite as always sunset boulevard , 1950 .
NEU new blog post : should you buy term life insurance and invest the rest ?
NEU rt alternatively , you might prefer the steamed pasta served with a thai green sauce instead .
NEU sini pijat '' hehehrt :
POS i 'm a fan of short stack . that does n't make me a slut .
NEU rt : _ nito why do i think of you when i hear this song : just saw this tweet ! why so?ha
NEU hi g. . noy cancelled his trip to dvo . . i thot makikita na namin si james yap.hehe
NEU because the manufacturers recognize that a rested parent is one who can enjoy the fact that the children are sleeping ?
NEG defeat - i -LRB- 2351 -RRB- was beaten by ugma -LRB- 1900 -RRB- EMO_HAPPY
NEG says that you got pretzel stick legs ha and that you cant turn corners runnin to fast for ya own safety.isnt that right
POS any plans on coming back to atlanta ? had a great time seeing and talking with you guys at the business last year
NEU bocadillo de chocolate , sal y aceite de oliva . feeling like i 'm 7 again .
NEU rt : rt : sen. lieberman proposes legalizing bisexual behavior in the u.s. military can we vote o ...
NEG yeah , she 's only 3 and she was like wtf !?!? haha . i took it off and she was fine .
POS phew , we can all relax now . according to this first gameplay footage from prince of persia : the forgotten sands ...
NEG you lie it was dumb as shit ! the only thing that was on was the hair and the makeup how you doin and the effects
NEU rt : wake me up , bid my blood to run . save me . save me from the nothing i 've become .
POS cr/d/fail is going to be reday to go for april 15th registration !!!
POS rt : i 'm really happy for you _ bullshit and imma let you finish but precious was the best actress of all time ... * really
POS next time someone answer `` lol '' to one of my message , i 'll ask them `` really , are you ? ''
NEU wishing the sun would shine until 8 pm like it does in the summer
NEU how to publish killer-website today even if you 're frantic .
NEU rt : crazy heart oscar2010
NEU the result of my spray-painting craze : my latest for project wedding -- >
POS sitting on the back porch grilling and staring off into the woods ... nothing better .
NEU twitter proverb : `` the bigger they are , the harder they are to retweet . '' -LRB- via _ tips -RRB- -LRB- via -RRB-
NEG i 'm still here in aurora . and yes , we definitely do n't deserve to wait !
NEG if it snows tomorrow , i 'm staying in bed . screw that .
NEU rt free twitter followers !
POS and the week begins ! hope its a good one ! 7 more to go ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG story of her life rt : james cameron 's wife is looking very washed out and terrible
POS wet morning ! i feel like dancing in the rain !!
NEG i am so mad at the upper marlboro court system for losing my community service papers . EMO_HAPPY freakin losers .
NEU get paid for taking surveys . this is my personal favorite list that pays me and i wanted to share them with you .
NEG hahaahaha ! our cake looks like one big vomit pile and your little pieces of hair on it
NEG relationshiprules do n't ever go thru my phone unless you paying tha bill
NEU ! : to find out whether your ex-boyfriend still likes you - 10 ways to tell if he is still interested
NEU now playing : `` minnie the moocher '' from `` the blues brothers complete -LSB- disc 2 -RSB- '' -LRB- the blues brothers -RRB-
NEU cont catholicism causes hike in death rate and over-population in africa . er wait a minute , that 's what i told the tablet in 2008 .
NEU 08.03 . 20:47 uhr : these new puritans `` three thousand ''
POS successful outing today . had lunch by the beach in fernandina beach and then went shopping at tar ... -LRB- via -RRB-
NEU rt
POS - i love green too . though , my taste buds are accustomed to jack . that apparently calls for a toast , le chaim . cheers !
NEU i did n't see hurt locker -LRB- surprise -RRB- but i 'm glad she beat her ex . womanscorned
NEU _ hearts north carolina where erin and bentley are
NEU i just took `` really hard qui ... '' and got : he personally takes you to the hospital and gives you his number !!!!! try it :
NEU i just snapped a new picture :
NEG it 's been awhile since i 've tweeted . twitter , have you missed me ?
NEG it looks like i wrote a whole freaking essay for a simple english assignment .
NEU just is ! ca n't explain right now .
NEU fielding throws leviticus under the bus ! qanda
NEU battle for tv remote commences during adds - a few dollars more in five , i know y
POS yea , though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death , i will fear no evil : for thou art with me . amen to that . EMO_HAPPY
NEU i bought the mac heist bundle . 7 top apps worth $ 260 + for just $ 20 and got 3 cool bonus apps free !
NEU oh ! if you want to donate to haiti/chile relief : you can win an autographed copy of my book + a call with me . EMO_HAPPY
NEU read the follow up . so hot . from : 2 nsfw she imagines the orgasm as he joins in
NEG rt : ha ! rt : mickey rourke is at home , yelling , `` i made the exact same movie a year ago , you assholes . '' oscars
NEU japanese corporate bankruptcies decline for a seventh month : japanese corporate bankruptcies fell for a seventh mo. . .
NEU besides 6th street . idk ? you `` re at austin ?
NEG i ca n't believe i somehow managed to ever draw things i was proud of on these things .
POS rt : mo ` nique won best supporting actress ;-RRB- < omg !!!!!!! yesssssssssss ! owww ! so excited ! yourock x
NEU computer repair by remote computer repairs | fix desktop problems
POS _ jenny just wondering i cant believe hes on here i like him when he was on ss !
NEU come check out this mousepad in my zazzle store -
NEU support ibmlotusnotes , add a twibbon to your avatar now ! -
POS i think working on your birthday should be illegal so imma start that movement today lol . woke up just to call in EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks !!! i am trying to make it memorable EMO_HAPPY you have a beautiful day as well !!!
NEU jeff bridges ganha ? scar de melhor actor : ...
NEU love da tip of my tongue song i play it 2 me gurl bt im single rite now
NEU wishing , , & the very best of luck for the negotiation w / the undp today . maaf bgt ya nggak bs ikut EMO_HAPPY
POS yay !! i ca n't wait to buy your songs :d
POS lol ... i just need it in my life everyday . i hate `` missing '' someone
POS oscarshighlights : gabourey to gerard butler : i 'd hit that !
POS this is perfect oh my god
NEU to a lesser extent . . but she did do a few paramount films
NEG bored . doing my homework .
NEU younge street in toronto is closed at college to wellesley
NEU rt : 2 new pics of robert pattinson on the set of bel ami
NEU i only went in 4 10min ... my skin feels nice & warm , bet i 'm a little burnt tomorrow ! it 's gon na feel good !
NEU rt film ' i would love to have had a career like kate winslet 's ? but the chance never came my way ` what got you start ... ht ...
NEU `` bubbles ' sweets event dishes up effervescent and unexpected desserts ''
NEU aaa gue udh tidoer -_- lo sm siaapa?maafyapsss rt : td gue kerumah sepiiiii jadi gajadi manggil
NEU rt : sometimes love is addiction , sometimes it hurts like hell and sometimes you just ca n't get enough
POS rt : sandra bullock wins best actress . and she won the razzie yesterday !
NEU rt : new item : half roasted chicken in briche bread w / fennel , onions , herbs , & jus happyincle
NEU that 's like , your opinion man .
NEU tired but do n't really wan na crash yet ... i might pop in my classic flicc `` paid n full '' an watch that
POS rt : wow . rt
NEG hurt locker won bcuz avatar was 2 long and like a smerf love story
NEU i got my smokes . my life is complete . until i run out again .
POS rt : listen out to some new tunes this week , we added : darude , black eyed peas , & charice !
NEU ayo serbu beramai ramai . wkwkwk . kan nyepi dy mw ngacir k hotel , jd sblm itu , hrs qta rampok .
NEG you are so right ... very sad they forgot her .
POS nah , they just know what you like -LRB- of at least they think they know EMO_HAPPY
NEU rt : rt : next time you hear `` that 's how we always do it '' say `` today is not yesterday . '' ideas10
NEU ew district 9 looked gross . i thought that was the movie with the cute little big planet looking people oscars
NEU _ loso do n't put you are cavs in my celtics tweet big sexx sayy you know i 'm wishy washy about them lol . i 'll like thm 4 you tho ,2 day only laugh out loud j/k
POS i uploaded a youtube video -- my second youtube update ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
NEU other : server-banquets - denver marriott tech center -LRB- 590656 -RRB- - den ...
POS says good morning everyone ! have a nice day ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU why is chrome the only browser showing growth ?
NEU just performed a tweet calorie test and he burned 19.57 kcal on the last 24 hours . try it yourself :
NEU you 're welcome ! i hope it will stop you having fic fail issues . there 's nothing worse than losing stuff you 've worked hard on !
NEU rt : do you wan na be in _ slater 's music video ? come to no escape wednesday ! & _ pseudo http / / tinyurl.com ...
POS watching home improvement chillin wid the hubbi i love you jonathan miller !!!!
NEU aha , what was your lecture on
POS if love is just a word , then all my words are vain - man you rock ! you are a gift from heaven !!!!!
NEU rt : nyt news alert : wabc is returned to broadcast for cablevision subscribers
NEU what to do if you if you suspect your identity has been stolen .
NEU free left over yard sale items -LRB- mount vernon -RRB- : i have a bunch of clothes and nik naks sitting at curb ... free to ...
NEG _ piinky aiqhtt dnt get carried way lil pickney
POS rt : the rolltop computer?a totally out-of-the-box design . wow !
NEU rt : are you a lone wolf or pack runner ? running
NEU new post : what new jersey home insurance quotes cover you best ? insurance
POS rt -- > simple its called drivin home lol <
POS training update : michele and dani walked 3.5 miles on sunday !
NEU rt _ nfl fells visits new england needforsports.com
NEG exactly she need grew up you know what he told me that she one day went to his house right and she was `` mad '' at me
NEU or you have fame and so many people care when you used the toilet and if you did a 1 or 2 .
POS ifbiggiewashere who would you wan na see him collab with ? gangsta for life me say !!!
NEG ripbig when i die i wan na go to hell cuz i 'm a piece of shit it aint hard to fucking tell
NEU temple grandin calls for `` real change in the real world '' -LRB- rt : -RRB- autism asd
POS sent me to the camp . i overcame all da courses . now i 'm geared up . polos with blue horses .
POS aw , congrats :-RRB- !
NEG rt : raiseurhandif you used to steal meat from the pot kmt i still do
NEU it is a beautiful day and its a shame that i am stuck working instead of our enjoying the weather but ...
POS he love my b apples yess i 'm talking bout boobs ; the thought of him sexing me make my pussy drool ...
NEU new twitter marketing service changes things how we do business : and as any twitter user will tell you , twitter su ...
NEU bout to eat this chicken sandwhich i just so happened to not eat earlier . thank the lord . imma watch the rest of this jessie ventura
NEU collective data announces new fleet management software options : the first of the three new modules released is ob ...
NEG some of you insecure rappers might take `` standing on it '' the wrong way ! oh well ! come down to bbc march 12th for the album release party !
NEU one place like that jo rt : where you are two left legs don carry you go nw rt : i 'm outta town ...
POS packing . texting my amazing boyfriend and all my st louis peeps
NEU no scrap party : revisado : weekly gratitude 10
NEG jessechat hi jesse . is it easy to walk for example in the park ? i think it 's hard , when everybody know you and watch each you step .
NEU get exclusive access to download the world premiere of hd music video `` rocket skates ''
NEU dit lijkt een serieus goed product van microsoft !
POS content thyself to live obscurely good . ~ joseph addison
NEU lat mobile site has a lot of broken links and only pieces of articles . i like the layout better than nyt , but gray lady easier to read
POS thanks again for everyone who came out to support us and , most especially , our friend hayley payne last saturday ! ...
POS i love yous so much . please follow me EMO_HAPPY
NEG _ inabun nd you been callin me outta my name so that 's wat tha fuck you got backk . . , ,
NEU leasing mona and a strangenest in her smile , do you smile to tempt a loverr morning pizzzaaaaa , or is this your way to have me carmels noww
POS converting at 1 in 14 hops $ 1.37 epc to affiliates - must see !!!
POS hahahah rt : allloooo buuuddddzzzzz ... EMO_HAPPY rt : rt : semua ! autumn leaves , -LRB- cont -RRB-
POS will b tough rt _ lil_red think _ dig is my new best friends forever been spending a lot of time 2gether lately ! she 'll miss me when i 'm on vacation
NEU 1 million or be 10 years younger ... which would you choose ? and i discuss this at 942p on ! your thoughts ? rt !
NEU harus follow mereka timeline lo baka seru bgt , yg gak follow rugi weeey . follow mrk skrg , follow gue jg ya tweps
NEG i do n't see myself going super far in dance or the fashion industry . people tell me i eat too much . and i 'm not giving up food !
NEU i saw harry markopoulus , who called the madoff ponzi scheme 8 yrs ago -LRB- smdh -RRB- , speaking before congress . now , he 's on thedailyshow and pissed !
NEU kkingevan . net ill get back 2 you when i get home from school . and i dont have apbnw account
NEG that movie was crazy !!! depressing an action !!!!
NEU who wants to loan me 90,000 ?
POS so early . . but i do n't mind because it feels hella good that i do n't have to go to work today . . yay
NEU - me and ubereem . his arm is big as my head !
POS lmfao , yeah i know .
NEU
NEU poway : pusd to send layoff notices , appeal ` god banner ' ... -
NEU salon paradisus in the little baguio area . they need to tell their stylists to kinda stuff it lol . laugh out loud laugh out loud bastos e
POS rt _ winds : thank you for `` hello ''
NEG i love the countryside and its disappearing fast !!! our indigenous animals and creatures have lost their natural habitats because of man !
POS what a beautiful day !!! clean bathroom clean bathroom !!
NEU you may be rather subdued now as you settle into a steady pace ... more for taurus
NEU jobs accounting residential conveyancing solicitor/filex : southern-hampshire , residential conveyancing legal ... uk
POS i have some free time tomorrow and friday so imma try and get the sj video and things sorted , too . :d
NEU much uncertainty still surrounding the business of the environment ...
NEU photos and podcast interview with jamesmarsters on his first appearance on caprica at
NEU - omfg !
NEU since when did you listen to the missus ?
POS thanks to everyone who participated in the webchat . we really enjoyed your suggestions , and will do another one soon !
NEU you can teach an old dog new tricks , house training << -- check out my blog -- >>
NEU i was asked to join 10 yrs ago ... but before that i sent applications everywhere - and i literally mean everywhere !
NEG EMO_HAPPY oh no ! EMO_HAPPY god . . EMO_HAPPY little layla ! rt : layla went to play with the angels early this morning . rest -LRB- cont -RRB-
NEU why is the computer always slow when you need it to be fast ?
POS omfg that 's amazing . i can not believe that . stop right there
POS just loved the morning benders - excuses on
POS it 'd be awesome to sit in the passenger seat of a car for once .
NEG this boy is n't wearing shoes again . i know its a recession but come on shoes are a necessity .
POS picked up oil this weekend , today i 'm anointing my feet & asking our heavenly father to `` order my steps '' ... anoint yourself today , be blessed
POS biggie biggie biggie cant you see . . i love that song ripbig EMO_HAPPY but its still west coast tho !
POS ahhhh , my gum stings . i have no idea how i cut it EMO_HAPPY / via ... i 've heard sucking on toes can cause this . EMO_HAPPY just kidding
NEU perguntem senhoras e senhores EMO_HAPPY
NEU learn how to make money from home today ! : so if you have it in you , you can start to make money from home instantl ...
NEG rt : lesson : do n't abuse your friends with toxic mean-spirited words and expect them to consider it constructive criticism .
POS i am sooo happy that my seatmate found my phone , and he gave it to my professor . thank you thank you thank you with all my heart ! EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY
NEU spitzer madam kristin davis busts into new york governor 's race : davis backs gay marriage but also opposes gun con ...
NEU will check it out . any of the aggregators more authoriative ? one thing variety had was authority . again , thanks -LRB- btw , blog link ? -RRB-
NEU we got the latest on campaign for hemel hempstead at
POS funny !!! worth watching , japanese guys can be funny ...
NEU on the road bumpin that cd as i tweet rt nowplaying jamie foxx ... 3 letter word
POS tonkatsu with illahe viognier ... yum .
POS `` if the light 's red , you 're gon na hit the dirt roads . '' lmfao epic .
POS i do produce for other people too , but at the mo am booked up for a few months -LRB- just saw you are old msg EMO_HAPPY x
NEU this was the best affiliate program i had ever seen !!
POS yeah it was awesome he is an amazing performer for sure ! and just always takes time for his fans too . . what a sweetheart .
NEU xavier-temple wbb championship game was very close yesterday ... . and low scoring ! x is the automatic qualifier ... temple will be at-large
NEU on my way to `` my store '' and i think i jus saw the makin of a good outfit for my pookies shoes ...
POS - seriously it was awesome
NEU via pay it forward ? cooperative behaviour spreads through a group , but so does cheating
POS it 's another beautiful ! i hope all of you appreciate today as much as i will !
POS rt : pandas like to watch porn movies of other pandas having sex . panda porn has been successfully used to encourage pandas in captivity to mate .
NEU rt : justin bieber was in town this morning and is in philly right now , he will be back in dc this summer . .
POS lmfaoooo dead @ unforgivable being the name of diddys cologne aka ciroc disguised as cologne
NEU the indypendent ? interview : chomsky post-earthquake : aid should go to haitian popular organizations , not to contr - ... -
NEU learning about butter today from and _ atkins
POS i like this : genuine , poetic expressions of connection , healing and hope .
NEU mycouponbliss review : coupondede.com coupon service
NEU ??????????????????????????? -LRB- ???? shall we tmiyagi ?? 2007 ? -RRB-
NEU coming up short
NEU recipes for health : greens and mushroom panini : when you blanch the greens , these panini make for a quick and wond ...
NEU gallery : the 16 worst -LRB- and 1 best -RRB- family portraits ever
POS fashooo besides i do n't drink much . i just get giggly and more flirty laugh out loud
POS following you via . looking forward to your tweets !
NEG i 'm starting to worry that my brain is abandoning me ... i 'm showing signs of typing dyslexia . reading : normal . writing : fkcued up . yo ... oy !
NEU onascalefrom 1 to justin bieber , how many crazy teens have you banged
POS my daughter watches your show with me and said your were pretty . EMO_HAPPY -LRB- mylifeasliz live at
NEG _ rays are you jocking that 's what he said . wow even its true do n't come out in the papers . this guy could be trouble .
NEU makanya cari pacar cint , biar bibirnya go ahead kering ;p rt : duhh mimisan + bibir brdarah ... -- ''
NEG and all plugs and ports are on the sides , none at the back . . why ? why ? why laptop designers , why ? maketh no sense to me .
NEG rt : i just got my first official speeding ticket . go me , 5 years ive had a clean record , not anymore folks !
NEG rt : you got ta make cuts every now & then . everyones not meant to be on ya team . my eyes are always wide open .
NEU `` get 10 % off from simply supplements '' @ grabvouchercodes.co.uk -
POS follows , follows ! if you need followers fast then you have got to see this site ! it 's completely automated .
NEU rt : top secret : the battle for the pentagon papers , opens in nyc ; pine , bryggman , strauss and more star - playbill.com :
NEU computer slow you down ? fix it at no cost by getting your free ebook `` slow computer fix v1 .0 '' visit link !
NEU crga info : cryptologic licenses top betting games to betsson
POS i 've never been to a party either . it 'll be fun
NEU no worries , just find numbers are more useful if you know the hows and whys .
NEU `` coz im about to give you away for someone else today ''
NEU rt justin nozuka playing invite-only show in toronto friday . rt this if you want to win 2 tix . i 'll pick the winner :30 pm
POS thank you lord for the delicious breakfast and coffee you have blessed me with , i am truly greatful
POS rt : rt special day ! apple contacted us to praise our paulo coelho app ! please rt. thank you !
NEU ya , 3-5 mb/s over the air with burstable up to 10 mb/s . that is close to the speed of base cable in columbus .
POS yup . great for and rest of the crew rt : love that washington times also in top 10 apse ...
NEG the surprising thing about young fools is how many survive to
NEU my lil page here
NEU what is the worst that can happen ? you either ignore this or you make a bit of money . you chose ! chose wisely ...
NEG bored , well you can always visit the blog-murmurings of at
NEU we are not limited to just the homeless but that is one of the many target populations in which we serve
NEG im reeeeallly bored . anyone gon na talk ?
NEG never by tea at schiphol airport , it 's expensive and you get a lousy cup of tea !
POS i am so happy that you are going to be on my favourite show . when gl ended i was like : `` y & r needs to scoop up those fab actors ! ''
NEU 101 famous gourmet new mexico chili recipes .
NEU yoo whats good mang , son i need my shyt permed on thursday , pleasee cant go 2 a/c wit my hair lookin like ground beef
POS minnor one 's first day in my pre , but i ragged many , in my pre & in my degree :d
NEU edwards paints nascar into disciplinary corner | salisbury , nc ... : determined to give drivers more leeway this se ...
NEU utah considers changes to motor vehicle insurance coverage , liability
NEU new blog post : the new funambol phone sniper program
POS yeap ... * sings * wipe outtttttt , don nun nun nun nun nunna nunt . lol , we sure would .
POS 30 seconds to mars tomarrow EMO_HAPPY niiice
POS rt _ diva : i like my babe 's tat there ... `` great minds think alike '' < -- yea its nice make me wan na get another
NEU everything you ever wanted to know about symptoms , treatments , and the latest news for bipolar disorder . bipolar
NEU ultratechhost - managed german/luxembourg offshore vps powered by ... : legal adult link hosting * youtube clone hos ...
NEU rt : you can say what is the name of the song of the 8-bit rebellion ?
NEU ` hypnotize ' seemingly ordinary people to follow you simply because you have an attractable presence they 're addicted too
NEU rt zipjs : js implementation of the zip file format by
NEU rt : my top 5 favorite mc 's of all time . . pac , nas , biggie , redman , styles p. . <
NEG i see some tt i wan na go in on but i do n't got no time to chat . i got ta go be a somebody 's slave right now .
NEU so far , i 'm seeing the opposite of what you 're saying .
NEU rt i 'm yours w / hearts ladies camisole
POS rt : if you fall , get up ! , if you 're going through difficult situation do n't stop ! allow it to bring the best out of you !
NEG i 'm giving my 2 japanese chins a bath today . maybe i 'll get a pic of them wet . they do look miserable when wet .
NEU t-mobile usa says they ditched yahoo for google because consumers demanded it
