NEG ok , ok - i get the idea . looking at the source for the page is easiest . does anyone else find watching paint dry -LRB- or discussions about html , come to that -RRB- more interesting than motor sports ?
POS hillyi take your earlier point buti would like to support any new runners that take up the flm challenge . in june 2001 i had a kidney removed following 4 years of serious illness . i had never ran races before but 8 months later i completed the 2002 flm in 5 hours , not fast i know , but i did not find it that hard-really !! and i enjoyed every minute and raised 2000 pounds for charity . i have a golden bond again to do it this year . providing you put in sensible training , and respect the distance , i really believe anyone can do it , good luck to everyone
NEG my body seems to be telling me to take it easy this week too . not sure why , this has n't happened before but this week i 've been spectactularly exhasted for no apparent reason . . i have been out 4 times already but normally can cope with that . wanting to up my training a bit and was planning to go out this afternoon . do n't know what to do now ! i 'm not injured , just sleepy ! should i go ?!
NEU did not . im a speed reader -LRB- unlike my running -RRB- . marvellous quote tho , wonder if the ward will have any spare daily mails . i could make a scrapbook of the trials and tribulations
NEU i ran reading half yesterday and was really pleased with my time and thought generally it was well organised , however what did disappoint me -LRB- aside from teh 45 min delay -RRB- was the number of slower runners that started at the front despite there being markers to indicate times . i have to admit that i was in the box ahead of where i should have been but one comment i heard was ` ooh it says sub - 1:20 , perhaps we should move back ' . the reply was ` no it will take us ages to cross the line ' . i finished in 1.29 officially but it still took me 1 1/2 minutes to cross the line so my actual time was 1:27 , and for the entire race i continually overtook people . i was glad i didnt start further back with the sub 1.30 where i should have been . but if it had been managed properly , then you wouldnt get people trying to start in a higher ability group and slow down those behind them who are in the correct group .
POS hi taz , . i hope the new physio instills more confidence in you . it can be an expensive trial trying to find one you feel happy with , and who is effective and i am eternally grateful to my colleague who recommended her . i ca n't believe how different i feel about it all now , as to last week . i have n't run yet - next run is tomorrow , but shall carry on spending as much time as i can with my legs up to prevent further problems . believe me , i am so impressed with the results and feel confident that things will come right in the end . but , i am going to be super dooper careful from here on in . i hope you get some good news , or at least feel happy with what is diagnosed tonight . let us know how you get on .
NEU hmmm ... 4:14:45 for me . how about a competition to see who gets a time closest to their race number ? like 2:31:42 for number 23142 ?
POS we enjoyed supporting !!! ca n't blooming speak now tho EMO_HAPPY
POS i noticed the st john 's people around the route of course but did n't quite appreciate the scale of the turnout until i went into the tent at the end for some ice on my ankle . i did n't realise there were so many of them in the country let alone london ! well done and thanks .
NEU quite a few people mentioned that the chip times -LRB- as published on the website -RRB- are showing their time to be exactly 3 seconds faster than the one from their own watch -LRB- this includes me -RRB- . . anybody got a expalanation/theory for this ?
NEG malt , i used last year 's schedule , but for the prague marathon , and this year 's schedule for flm . both times i followed them to the letter , and both times had really bad runs . i did prague in 4:09 and flm in 4:16 , but under easier conditions . previously i had never done a marathon in more than 4 hours , and had never thought i would . i do n't know if it 's the schedules , or if i am just getting too old , or what the problem is . but , i 'm a sucker for someone else telling me what to do and will probably follow next year 's schedule as well , whatever it turns out to be .
POS ah ha - a new number to play trick phone calls on ! now i can leave legless , saqib and eddie alone ... . has anyone else been getting legless ' sick jokes via text message ??? they are making me laugh though :--RRB- . humpless , 4.30 ???????? i do n't finish until 6.30 and can meet at liverpool st station at about 6.40 if you want . otherwise i can meet you there around 7 .
NEU spans . oakley 20 is probably best described as ` undulating ' rather than ` hilly ' . i seem to remember one fairly sharp incline on loop 1 -LRB- 12 miles -RRB- at about 3 or 4 miles . loop 2 -LRB- 8 miles -RRB- did n't include it .
NEU dare we hope then ?
NEU getting better ... 9 -LRB- ish -RRB- in 1.24 - even included some hills -LRB- definitely not grade a fell ! -RRB- .
NEU cardiac risk in the young . need to raise 1250 . looking to get at least 1500
NEU i 'm loosely following a rw sub 3 programme , but anti social work schedule means that i have to do the long runs and speed sessions on different days to the programme . now up to 65 miles per week . i 'm about 10 miles per week up on last years schedule which resulted in flm 2003 , 3.00.42 . so i 'm fairly upbeat about it all .
POS thanks jj . out for a 15m run myself tomorrow . will be my longest run yet . i ran 14m last weekend and 12m the weekend before . m = miles not metres !! hope you have a good run and your knee holds out . foz
POS figs are definitely what you do want before a big race . but make sure you leave plenty of time twixt breakfast and `` last chance '' .
POS excellant job meerkat ... will be hanging on the rw 11min pacer for dear life in the hope of reaching you all at mile 18 to be rewarded with jbs from meerkat and jj ! thank you in advance incase i am incoherant by then ! hiya sutts ... ready ?
NEU official time , as per the one they officially give you on the results list , is chip time . ... although last year they forgot , and put up the gun time for a few hours , then realised their error and changed it to chip time
POS good luck to everyone although luck wo n't come into it . not even bad luck !!!!! smile for the finish camera
POS brilliant day , even though i hate running in the rain , but the crowd support was excellent . ended up 90mins slower than i wanted -LRB- wanted a 4h , finished in 5h30 -RRB- , but i forgive myself that with a lack of training and that rain as my excuse . pb - was ian duncan smith running when you saw him , because the only time i saw him was at the blue start -LRB- surely he should have been at green -RRB- , wearing a suit and shoes . looked to me like he was dropping out . the urwfrc point at mudchute was great , even though i nearly missed it . -LRB- how could flora put a water station there , of all places . -RRB- . the only `` celeb '' i saw running was -LRB- the back of -RRB- bobby charlton in front of me at about mile23 . i 'm hoping i beat him , but probably did n't . anyway , well done to you all .
NEU first marathon , trained for 3.28 . started in middle of pen 5 , got 3.34 chip time . felt no probs at start , but 1st 2 miles were v frustrating ; lots of stopping and starting due to bunching . so many people just changing course made things difficult , the few that gave hand signals -LRB- not that sort of hand signal !!! -RRB- made it easier . great day , great support , feel that i want to try and get that 3.28 before i get much older
POS thanks for the welcome everyone -LRB- you are a friendly bunch are n't you :--RRB- -RRB- . taking a rest today , have my last 22 miler planned for tommorrow , eek , before starting taper for blackpool . mmm ... looking forward already to lazy saturday mornings after 20 june !! sarah , peter , i 'm planning my first tri this year - london tri in july -LRB- just the baby sprint tri -RRB- . before the end of last year i could hardly swim 2 lengths without having to stop . now i 'm doing 50 lengths twice a week . not the speediest fish in the pool -LRB- so to speak -RRB- but much more comfortable with it . the thought of an open water swim in a wetsuit is a bit scary though . i 've also got a new , speedy almost-road-bike -LRB- a bit of a hybrid -RRB- with skinny tyres which is a revelation after years using my heavy ` granny ' bike . it makes cycling fun ! anyway , good training -LRB- and a nice bank holiday weekend -RRB- to everyone . tm
NEU i 've just got the watch -LRB- i did n't bequeath for my first two -RRB- . b.t.w. haver they started sending out the newsletter yet ?
POS oooh i see blackmail is rife !! nobody would want my food anyway so i am safe ;--RRB- . i like the no food for non runners but as imelds is bringing the glitzy stuff maybe an exception to the rule !! poppy plans her list . 5 sets of kit . 5 pairs socks . 2 trainers . gps . logbook . notebook . pens . 5 bras for training . lucazade sport . mobile-you never know . change for phone ;--RRB- . rain jacket . gloves x2 . buff . glitzy gear . casual gear . showerstuff . towells . pj 's . underwear . shorts . thats all i can think of for now ;--RRB- .
POS done my domestic duty and just about to go for a 10 mile run . . hilly - i think i enjoy the training more than the actual racing . it is nice to get away from it all , go off-road for a few hours and switch off completely . 25 miles tomorrow with some others from the club , almost all off-road followed by podretta 's 7th birthday party -LRB- olympics party at the leisure centre -RRB- . lots of carbs in jelly and ice cream !
NEU morning a-man 69 . dare i ask why your called that ?
NEG rf-sounds like you should change your name to elastiman . i ca n't touch my toes with straight legs ! podiatrist 's verdict yesterday-inflammed sesamoid bones and ligaments that run under ball of left foot . need to take it easy regarding running . might mean i 'll have to defer flm to 2006 :-LRB-
POS ooops , wc , well done to you too . i 've just been reading that the sussex half was not a certified course and appears to be short , so i think i may have made the right decision .
NEG quite nice been injured . just done a slow 4 miles round the block then came back for lots of stretching and ice . more massage booked tomorrow and am dreading it cause legs are sore from small amount of massage on friday !! hope everyone does well today , i 'm looking forward to reading all about it tonight . :--RRB- .
NEU felt really pleased with a swift -LRB- well for me all things are relative -RRB- 13 miles in 1.35 this morning and then i read the tragic news of the worthing 20 runner - all seems pretty insignificant somehow after that news . worked from home today -LRB- honest do you want to see the evidence ! -RRB- as daughter has piano exam this pm . then its time for a quick swim , some pasta and then go watch the corporate challenge in chichester tonight , 4000 metres in two speed categories . there 's speed work and then there 's speed work . good to cheer my fellow club members looking like ... robw - listen to dunnarunner , he 's right - do n't do the long run if there is doubt that you can really do it without making any injury worse - there is not enough time now to recover from anything remotely serious . ` expo thursday runners who lunch club members ' ! looking forward to it . take care all . pr
POS -LRB- stops lurking -RRB- . hi all - . hope you do n't mind me joining in at this late stage - i 've spent the last few weeks having a dilemma about what my target time is so which forum to join ! it 's my first marathon , longest run was a 21 miler last week , 3:30 - so i 'm hoping for sub 4:30 , allowing for the unknown of the last few miles . . it has been really good to read everyone 's ups and downs on the forum - this week is definitely `` feeling overtrained '' week , hoping the various niggles settle down during the taper . hope everyone enjoys the shorter long runs tomorrow - i 'm doing 13 miles -LRB- along the thames , boat race course there and back -RRB- . great not to be running in the ice and cold any more ! jezza
POS well peeps . . the barriers have appeared and are starting to go up around evelyn street , lower road and surrey quays . banners are now hanging above the chav 's arms -LRB- also known as the surrey docks pub -RRB- proclaiming ` watch the london marathon here ' . looks like we got us a race , goin ' on ! wp - no need to ruin your kit . just write your name on paper with a thick permanent marker , do a quick diy-laminating job using some sellotape , et voila ! br - the name thing really does work ! back in 2002 i ran the nyc marathon and tried it for the first time . . would never run without it again . in fact , i 'll be running wearing exactly the same big of paper bearing my name that ran with in nyc , paris , dublin and rotterdam . it 's looking a wee bit battered now , but . . call me superstitious . just need to find some way of fitting ` tea & toastman ' on their too . need a bigger chest , methinks . : -0
POS do n't stop me now , . i 'm having such a good time , . i 'm having a ball . do n't stop me now , . you wan na have a good time . just give me a call . and do n't stop me now ... hippo , for some reason i did n't think you had a h ***** d , you always sound so centred and together and -LRB- another word i ca n't think of -RRB- . have a good evening to make up for it . probably signing off , need to put kids to bed and pack , will try not to come here in the morning or i 'll never catch the train . good luck to all still here , thanks for all the advice/support/laughs , maybe see diana d , delia and hippo and others at expo and/or bandstand - i really hope so ! remember we are supposed to be doing this of our own free will - so let 's enjoy it , esp those of us doing it once only -LRB- yes , really ! -RRB-
POS last post before the flm . good luck everyone , but most of all have fun
POS i 'm glad i was n't the only person wondering about this -LRB- i 'm not so sick after all ... hoorah ! -RRB-
POS can i be a supporter next year ? i think it 's just fab what you lot did and especially you meerkat for organising it all -LRB- sorry for lack of punctuation -RRB- .
POS hummm i think i might have that shirl !!! where is the q !! not sure about tomorrow , will let you know as soon as poss .
POS lucinda - go get 'em tomorrow !!! natalie - go get 'em ... er ... tonight - i will be too ! . rick . . oh rick ... here boy ! * waves nice full glass of red enticingly *
NEU i have n't really thought about it yet , i 'm going to do a last minute.com type approach i think . i could push the wife into getting promoted and become a house husband , not !! quality control for a vineyard would be nice , as long as it 's red only .
POS shades , . yes i have my international certificate of competence for motor yachts so can now charter and skipper a boat anywhere in the world . perhaps we should have a sub 5 holiday cruising the med or the caribbean ??! delia , . i was n't a golden bond runner but have n't got my marathon pics yet , i believe they take quite a long time .
POS no surprise there then hey rick !!!
POS jane m. thanks , that 's true i did n't learn till i went to the big school hee hee . anyway , attention should all be going to superdebbo and not to grump ol me .
NEU sarah have n't said well done on your 16 miler - fantastic ! euph coastal path sounds very dodgy & dangerous . scarey . good luck on sunday . freemers i live in a village on the bury side of thetford . 4/9 i am planning to do fram 10k which was a hilly 2 lap course but has changed this year for health & safety reasons . prob now a very hilly 2 lap course!i joined the thread before flm 2004 & did n't enter 2005 but have followed the thread anyway . do you do xc ?
NEG i did about 4ish miles very easy - probably close to 9 or 10 mins and i couldnt have gone ay faster . my other half who didnt seem to suffer as much as i did was complaining about the pace so i must have been going slow . however i fell over at the end of my run and landed on my hands and face -LRB- dont ask -RRB- - knees escaped ! - tripped over a pavement and having been discharged from physio yesterday , i now have a very sore si joint today so wondering if i gone backwards again so i am having a bit of a panic .
NEU katie , what a nightmare - well done for picking yourself up and your pb ! champagne - i 've printed off a split time thing off nikerunning.com , specifically for new york , allowing for all the ups and downs - first mile - 8:46 , 2nd mile 7:29 . its absolutely wicked . i 'll try and stick to it for as long as i can !! . as i have had no build up races as preparation - except a 10k which i pb 'd at 42:48 a couple of weeks ago , i 'm not sure of my level at present . ooops caps lock !!
NEG hello all , . happy new year all , especially trouty and karen . i am glad i came back to the uk for christmas , with temperatures reaching 44-46 degrees in sydney yesterday and poor air quality because of the bush fires it does not seem to be very pleasant there at the moment . even though i have found it cold i managed 85 miles last week , my highest for many months . i have found that my heart rate monitor does not register properly when it is cold . normally it is ok after about 10-15 mins , i.e. when i start sweating but this morning i did not get a proper reading for all of my 1 hr run . does anybody else have this problem ?
POS wow , so mnay newbies ! welcome everyone . well today was my first real flm training run and i did 5 miles steady with a faster mile in the middle . i fantacised about a large malt whisky and chocolate for most of the time -LRB- as i 'm abstaining -RRB- which took my mind off the hills ;--RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . re speed training - i prefer to do mine on the treddy because then i ca n't cheat and pretend i 've run further than i have ! for hill training i only ahve to go out of the door as i ca n't avoid the blessed things where i live !
POS one for beav and jonah8 . a man walks into a bar with a dachshund under his arm . the dog is wearing a man city shirt , bobble hat and scarf . the barman says , `` hey ! no pets allowed in here ! you 'll have to leave ! '' the man begs , `` look , i 'm desperate . we 're both big fans , my tv is broken , and this is the only place we can see the game against united . '' after securing a promise that the dog will behave and warning that if there is any trouble they will be thrown out , the barman relents and allows them to stay in the bar and watch the game . . city attack from the kick off and their first goal attempt is cleared off the line for a corner . with that the dog jumps up on the bar and begins walking up and down the bar giving everyone a high-five . the barman says , `` wow that is the most amazing thing i 've ever seen ! what does the dog do if they score a goal ? '' `` i do n't know , '' replies the owner , `` i 've only had him for four years . '' !!!!
POS glasgow / florida . . same thing ! hi depth charge , so how long was it to the start line then ?
POS well deserved zzzzs , ws ! managed to zip between the rain storms to do 8 miles of recovery running this evening . not too wet . it 's very mild out in sw17 again - had to take off the hat and gloves and really did n't need to bother with the second top layer . must be the insulating effect of the pollution round the tooting area !
NEU nobody has asked if i am gay - tee hee ? gingerbreadman , are you coming out of the closet with all your ` gay ' questions , do you live in a village ? ginger is a popular name in the club i go to .
POS ashley smith . you should definitely do a marathon to celebrate 40 = i did dublin in oct 05 following my big birthday in sept. i even got a 1/2 on the day of my birthday - i know its sad but as a runner you will understand ! i cannt beleive there are people out there who will support me ! i am flying from belfast on my own and wont have any supporters myself so would really appreciate a cheer !
NEG shades - i take a bottleof water with me , but normally i do n't finish it . i finish the bottle on my way home , when the run is over . i drink because my mouth gets dry and because i know i have to .
POS blousey , i think i got wrong end of stick . i thought you were running whilst out there ! whatever you do , have a blinkin good time EMO_HAPPY
POS congratulations , tillyp !! well done nikster ! -LRB- got ta get out running again soon -RRB-
NEU and then there 's me panicing about only running 70 in my cut-back week . that 's more than i ran in the whole of 2004 ! what have i become ?! anyway , where 's that sun cream ...
NEG ouch pw that is sore !! mine is nearly recovered now but it was only overstretched i think not torn . luckily your martial arts training will help you block out some of the pain . just hope you dont do any more damage though !! glad you are able to do some training though .
NEG i like pearce 's post match comments : . `` to say i am disappointed would be one of the biggest understatements of all time , '' . `` if i was a supporter , i would be disgusted with that performance . i know i am as a manager . we showed no moral courage whatsoever . `` i do not include the goalkeeper in this , but the rest of them i have told to go home , have a look at their kids and ask them how daddy did today . `` none of them stepped up to the plate . none of them showed any leadership . none of them earned their wages . without doubt , it was the worst experience i have had as a manager . `` i have been in bad teams during my career but i would like to think somewhere down the line , if i was n't playing well , i had the bottle to receive the ball . `` i had the bottle to get in someone 's face and i had the bottle to get aggressive with someone , show my aggression out on the pitch and show i was not happy . `` our players did not do that today . i am not passing the responsibility onto the players . the buck stops with me . but if i have to do something about it to be a successful manager i will . `` these boys have to come back into work again . they have to walk past me in the corridor and look me in the eye . they know exactly how i feel about them at this present moment in time . `` it was unacceptable and if it happens again , there will be people leaving this club . ''
NEG mrs t - first serious attempt at the distance/time as gr said ca n't be a 100 % confident unsure of my mp endurance the furthest i have gone is 14 miles @ mp . my race tactics will be to get 20 miles in 2:10 - 2:15 and then hang on for dear life . is this a good plan ?????
NEU right then i would suggest that anyone who does n't want sis blackcurrant gels and/or jelly babies shouts now so that we can arrange to get the special requests to mudchute ... wa - how many gels in a box ?
NEU hi fiona , . just catching up with the thread - sorry to hear the news . i 'm dedicating my run to my father-in-law and a close friend both of whom died from cancer . my father-in-law also had a series of strokes - 2 major ones - so that 's where i 'll be getting my inspiration from at around 18 miles . i 'll most likely be walking like him at that stage as well . sorry that may sound sick but we had some lively banter going on between the two of us when he was alive . he was paralysed down the left hand side but he always made a joke about it and i used to take the mick out of him in return . got us both laughing and he 'll be watching me on the day and giving it back with interest !
POS buena fortuna , mokina ! have a good week-end everyone , and steady on the easter eggs .
NEU annick , try they do baked beans and marmite vests amongst others . not sure if that 's what you were thinking of .
NEU best of luck to everyone in gp 7 tomorrow !
NEU morning , . t map , jej , mrs t , dan a , ndo w , cy , blisters , oo , rb-congratulations and commiserations . great reports . ndo , i hope you are all right . 3 hours 6:51 : for me . 1h29 at half way and just on time by 20 miles , but i had very tight hamstrings which were cramping up so i slowed to a pace that allowed me to get to the finish without stopping . i have mixed feelings this morning . the marathon is such an unnatural distance to run . anyway it 's great to be able to listen to your thoughts about the race and the banter and support on this thread has been fantastic this year . -LRB- people at work who have n't got a clue are already annoying me with their advice and anecdotes . -RRB- . all the best and recover well . no running for me till saturday and i have mayo on my sarnies at lunch today . i agree with dan a - . tapering is over-rated .
POS i said to my boyfriend the other day the nicest people that you will ever come across are runners and vegetarians . i am both !!!!! ; 0 -RRB- . i am happy for you shona . i can understand how devastated you were .
NEG bet i hold the record , i took six on sunday morning before the start !!!!!!!! i know it was a really stupid thing to do but had the runs from wednesday night until saturday morning & lived on a diet of jam sandwiches & 6 pints of watered down lucozade sport per day , though little stayed inside . . this was my third flm & i figured that even if i had to walk most of it , as long as i could stay bunged up i could complete and justifiably collect my sponsorship money . . as it turned out they worked a treat , i managed 4:27 which was about half an hour slower than i targeted before my illness . i was also back to normal service by tuesday morning . . however i would never advise anybody to run a marathon whilst ill , it was the most physically painful thing i have ever done .
NEU hippo im with you . belfast today and still failed to break 3.00 . must be getting old finished in 3.02.38 some 30 secs slower . great new course , hilly tough first half any day now flat second , this has potential .
POS thanks diana ... we 're not off til next wednesday ... you 've got to put up with me for another week yet !
NEU cinders - hope rossi is ok . took the dog to the vets for her blood test this morning - probably wo n't get the results til monday now . i have just come upstairs and found her limping - do n't know what she has done . she was fine this morning when i bought her back from the vets . will keep an eye on her . and if i do n't get on line before you all go off to the in other words - good luck !!!!!! will be thinking of you on sunday and wishing i was there EMO_HAPPY
POS thanks mike , . this will be a new stage for me as all those sessions have me running further than the race distance i 'm pacing at . oooer ! i 'm always up for a challenge though !
POS doing only 12 400s , and with 2 mins recovery seemed like a real doddle compared with the 20 with far less recovery , even though the pace was faster - actually managed 7secs/lap faster than my last 2 20 x 400 supposedly at 10k pace sessions , so i 'm pretty satisfied with that
NEU mokina - glad you are settling down in dublin . have n't got the foggiest how much 17.50 euros is but it sounds cheap , so yaaaaaaay ! lol ! and its not that you are getting older you know . its prohably cos the goal has gone for the time being now that you have pulled out of your marathon - you need another one to aim for . enjoy your shopping slugsta . . tracey - bradley is a star although we do argue like cat and dog at times . my older son laughs at us when he is around - he thinks we are so alike which is why we argue . probably right - if i think i am right i do n't let go and neither does bradley . . i have a very tight calf muscle this morning . its quite painful . and i am still knackered ! i need an early night really but i have arranged to go out to dinner this evening at one of my old assistant manager 's . he got married about a month or so ago and i could n't get there -LRB- his wife used to work for me too -RRB- so i need to go and see them . champers again ... its such a hard life is n't it ????
NEU quote dana . `` will start the bidding on predicted times between me and pug over the next few days . oh dear . . this 'll be interesting . . i 'm having reservations the way i 'm feeling lately . . this tapering is horrible , just feel like a fat slug now ... you want odd pb 's check mine out !!! 5k = 18:09 . 5 mile = 32:42 . 10k = 38:39 . 10 mile = 1:15:35 . 1/2 marathon = 1:21:10 . marathon = 3:32:59 . bear that in mind when you do ya predictions hahaha !!! pug
NEU oh cath poor you , get back down the quacks , i know how pants you feel when you ca n't train , i was like a while back was n't i with that virus that turned into migrane clusters , i did n't listen to my body either and tried to train , try to take it easy untill ya fully recoverd , lecture over , but i hope your feelin better soon , big hugs . pinks i do 400m sprints at 9.5 / 10.0 on the tredmill and 200m recovery at 7.0 on the running machine , my next trick is to set the incline at 1.0 . after downloading that tredmill programme the bloke was saying that by settin it at that your forcing the hamstrings to do what they natrally do out on the road but if its flat then the muscles do n't work as they should and tremill does it all for you ... some thing like that any way , i 'm sure you can word it better rio !!!
POS missed your last post - but you can pick up some fab costume accessories these days , from the high street . next , m + s , debenhams , top shop etc , you do n't need to spend much or go searching far off the high street - i 've had some nice cheap bling from sainsburys even .
NEG pug , why bother with a slow plod around luton . might as well go for a sub-3 and see what happens ; you could always drop out after 1 or 2 laps if it 's not going well . -LRB- that 's what i did last year !! -RRB- . back to back sub-3 's are very possible . rb did it at paris & london this year , and someone else finally managed it at cardiff & ny . plus , sub-3 will probably get you into the top 10 . i 'm currently crippled with a mystery knee injury , so taking a fortnight completely off , for the first time in about 8 years to recover . might go up to watch luton , if i can be arsed to get up early ; i know a few guys who are running , plus it will be good to see a winning performance from the jock .
POS * pops head in * . hi guys , long time no see ! thanks to cg for the email kick up the bum to get me back on this thread :--RRB- . nothing wrong , just been really busy lol ! but not too busy to train - 130 miles so far in 2007 :--RRB- . i 'm in work , this is a bit naughty - proper update later i promise . thanks again for the email cg EMO_HAPPY
NEG only the semis sadly . . dodgy refereeing and italian gamesmanship versus ac milan denied us the chance of a trip to wembley where we surely would 've become the first british team to lift the trophy . charlie cooke , ian ure , alan gilzean ... the `` arabs '' across the road -LRB- united -RRB- were 2-0 up from the home leg v roma but lost 3-0 away in the year grobelaar had his wobbly legs . . we did also lose narrowly to the mighty leeds united side of 1967/68 in the then fairs cup semi final . `` we had joy . we had fun . we had seasons in the sun ... '' .
POS thought i would try out these <u> lovely </u> buttons ! .
NEG toasty you 're a model for many to follow . my valentine 's day post-work has been spent running 5.5 miles @ 8:13 pace round hyde park with my wee boy , followed by a low-cal ham sandwich and grapes from m & s for me ; chicken pasta salad and a brownie for him on the long tube journey home . classy or what ? sciatica very painful now of course .
NEU whats your precious ??
NEG i had an adventure on sunday as i planned to run about 13 and ended up running 17 due to getting lost on kingley vale . it was completely my fault but the mist and heavy rain plus mud did not help . i did a speed session monday , rested tuesday with just a couple of sets of tennis . i can still feel the effects of sunday now , with a slight ankle twist and sore left knee but this is still minor on the pain scale . i do plyometrics , -LRB- hopping helps to strengthen the ankle and i have exercises for my knee which ease the pain -RRB- this has worked well over several months . my plan of sticking to 2 hours went out the window on sunday as i was out for 2 hours 40 minutes . still , good time on your feet . i will go back to 2 hours on sunday and run a 9 miler on thursday . i am still learning what best suits me as stacks of 2 month injuries have meant constant disappointment . however , the last 8 months has been good . i do 20 minutes static stretches after running and now do plometrics 3 times a week to try and keep the injuries minimal and hopefully away . i am trying isotonic drinks , tauts , cranberry and blackberry after long runs to try and rehydrate and recover more quickly . i started on sunday and this seems to help me recover quicker . also , glucosamine and chondroitin , helps keep the joints supple and flexible . at least thats what i hope . i also have changed from icing injuries which never seemed to work for me , causing soft tissue damage if kept on too long , too nurofen gel which seems to help minor injuries recover more quickle . i am still looking forward to the marathon and hoping for a good time . i will aim for 3.30 but will most probably end up with 3.40 to 3.45 . the last 10k is the killer .
NEG i dont think you can defer a club place joe but its still worth asking .
POS first half marathon so is a pb but not a lot to beat ! have done longer runs but they are just trainign runs really . getting into the races now !!
NEU desert man : and i was going to complain about the icy wind this morning !!! - half-mile reps at everything between 6m/m -LRB- very encouraging -RRB- and 7m/m -LRB- very depressing -RRB- . could still feel last week 's heavy mileage in the legs , but not a bad session all in . in terms of sw16 's point , yes , the marathon is a bit of a gamble , but after 3 of the little b * gg * rs , i 'm starting to get a better idea about my strengths and weaknesses , and i can compare race times with last year . for instance , i ran 3.19 off a 1.34 half -LRB- no taper -RRB- . if i can get back down to 1.32 , or even a bit lower , 3.14 should be on the cards . . interestingly , although i 'd always thought that i was more of an endurance person than a speed person , my 10k time is actually my fastest as an age-graded percentage - but that may be because some girl called paula keeps on running marathons relatively fast compared to half-marathons !!!
NEG after missing much of last week due to shooting pains in calf , i managed 11 on saturday with 2 reps of 1.75 miles -LRB- supposed to be 4 but i was being sensible -RRB- and 2hrs 40mins yesterday . last hour was a struggle with my calf , the same as last sunday . hoping that if i can survive the next 2 weeks the tapering will allow the calf time to recover enough for me to get around flm . all the these niggles have rather dampened my focus on sub 3.15 and instead i am looking at finishing being a real goal . yeterdays run slightly ruined by one of the guys telling us towards the end that his watch made our run less than we thought . there again his story earlier in the run about his wife and a pig more than made up for it !!
POS i wore mine at reading and got a pb . . personally i believe them to be magic , go faster laces and wo n't hear another word against them .
POS jj . i thank the lord that rugby and tri seasons do n't clash ! xtrrea finishs , rwc starts bliss ! hope wasps they need to be beaten in the final EMO_HAPPY
POS cheers philpub , that 's quite a strange thing to know EMO_HAPPY
POS dave - the metcheck thing 's hysterical . my metcheck page -LRB- refreshed etc -RRB- for the day is totally diff to yours ! says 15/16 degrees , sunny/partly cloudy . . re meeting times - spose i was thinking i 'd get there earlier than 8.30 , but go to loo , sort self out , dump bag , get coffee etc then meet everyone else . then there 's a bit of time to chat , chill , dash into the bushes because the loo queues are too long etc. .
POS raks that 's an excellent idea , although my mother would phone and ask me endless questions about how to post to the forum !
POS sure this was n't on the website yesterday !!!
NEU i do get tunnel vision , but generally only around westferry and blackfriars .
NEU only you can say if i behaved or not ?? or maybe your oh -LRB- or kids ?? -RRB- . if my oh gave me a freezer for christmas he would be permanently attached to it for a long long time !!!
POS morning all , well done everyone ! bit of a strange one for me , my quads seemed to give up on me after 6 miles ! could n't believe it ! . i set off slower , think i got everything right in the build up , kept my fluid levels topped up , but obviously something not right . i think if i 'd have cramped up after 18 for going off too fast i would 've been disappointed with myself , cos it happened so early in the race after a mile or so of muttering expletives under my breath i managed to see the funny side of it . although the prospect of running another 20m with what felt like two dead legs was n't an appealing one ! anyway i shimmied along at whatever pace the legs would let me and finished in 3:31:29 in the end which surprised me as i thought i was heading for 4hrs + . after realising it was n't my day i made the most of it and took everything in , stopped to see some friends , and was completely blown away by the support , tower bridge and along the dual carriageway were awesome ! it 's impossible not to smile heading down the last 800m ! ca n't really get my head round what went wrong and i 'm not gon na beat myself up about it as it was the experience of a lifetime but i feel like i 've got a little unfinished business with london now ! great effort again all ! . matttherat :3:15:51 . darren larder : 3.18.58 . rowan :3:20:16 . chieftain tank : 3:26:54 . ttt : 3:27:00 . po2 : 3:31:29 . banksie : 3:31:57 . roundhay mike : 3:34:40 . valuxian :3:36:52 . aa : 3:38:48 . rain bow :3:51:11 . smiffie 3:58 . rfj - 3:59:48 . ruscr : 4:01
POS bw , there 's no rest for the wicked then , you 're straight into the next challenge , there 's no stopping you , just how much punishment can you fit into one month ? no seriously , good look and yes , you do need your head testing . gc , enjoy the rest , you 've never earned it more than now , so take it while you can before you have to put in the hard work again . that will come all too soon ! euph , thanks for the york 5k entry form , i 'll send it off today , i entered it last year but did n't run due to foot injury . also sending entry off for wheldrake 10k and hope to get a place with you and beders on that . i think nickm is doing that too . i 'll text you if able to come across on sunday , the weather sounds perfect for marathoners , i shall bring my brolly ! good luck tonight in your club race , you 'll still be flying along , even when you 're taking it easy . clairster , keep those feet and legs rested in time for saturday , you 'll be fine , you know the drill . make sure you text me & let me know how you get on . hey ceal , that 's just blxxdy fantastic , you go girl !! there 's a guy from our club who also runs the masters , usually the 800m & 1500m , he 's a mv35 , so only just turned vet . last year he got a bronze at the world masters indoor champs in poland . hope you 'll be coming away with a medal too , i 'm excited for you !!! looking at that gb flag next to your name must be a great feeling :0 -RRB- . last night we did a hilly , muddy off road 5 mile run , which was great . it certainly made me puff and blow to start with , but the scenery was good and it was a nice change , so a bit better than doing a lung-buster on the roads . today is a rest day , as the league race is tomorrow night , a 5 mile undulating course . i actually feel a bit better , so it 's probably just what i need . i 've also invested in a pair of `` paula socks '' -LRB- knee high flight socks -RRB- to help my tibial muscle , which is still very sore . not that they look very trendy , but if they do the job , then i 'm not bothered . some of the men commented on them last night , but they did n't fancy wearing the spare pair for some reason . physio thinks i will need a small orthotic to help the muscle repair itself , without stopping me running , so going back for fitting next week .
POS keep us up to date with all your glute antics , wabo !!! do n't forget the race reports - really like those . umb - yes - i 've never liked 10ks because they 're too fast . but am looking forward to seeing what i can do on sunday . pity about the hills . worked out the fast 3m of my run today was between 7.5 and 8mm . not very fast really but i really felt it . telling myself it 's because i 'd only had 500ml of lucozade sport half an hour beforehand ...
NEU the pugometer was introduced as a term for gauging performance in a race . i personally do not use a pre-callibrated pugometer . eg . i ran 3:16 at flm , but the pugometer rated my performance as 2:58 , because the weather was quite warm . the pugometer has nothing to do with ranking all runners on this thread as shite . ps . seen someone 's starting up another 2:45 thread !!
POS daz - that 's brilliant i 'm sure as a family you will do very well and it 's something for you guys to share ! vb , pinks do n't be too jealous i still have to go back ! daz you really must run flm again next year ! andrew i ran it for dreams come true this year and will enter the ballot again this year but do n't intend to run for charity unless someone else wants to organise it for me . there 's only so many times you can ask family and friends for money and remain popular .
POS my prediction for jej is 15.58 followed by 10.55 for the 3k s/c . i 'll also be doing a 5k on the saturday -LRB- and probably a 3k s/c about 90mins after -RRB- . i have n't got much training in this week and my week so far looks like this : . m : rest . t : 60mins steady . w : ~ 600m/5km aquathlon race -LRB- 29.00 -RRB- . t : 60mins swim -LRB- intervals -RRB- . f : 30mins turbo -LRB- bike -RRB- intervals ; 45mins easy -LRB- planned -RRB- . s : race/s . my three 5,000 m races this season have all been followed by a 3,000 m s/c and have been 16.24 , 16.55 -LRB- no ` b ' competition -RRB- and 16.22 . if i have to do the 3,000 s/c i 'll wear flats for the 5,000 and probably race at 95 % . if no s/c then i 'll wear spikes and give it everything . predicitons ?
NEU morning all - fotd ! 21 miles went ok - 3-08 on a hilly course . reckon that there were about 500 ft of climbs in total so not bad . . key for me now is to keep it up and -LRB- with all respect to the bangles -RRB- run like a very fast egyptian !! panicking - 7 weeks from now i 'll be lining up at margate . by my reckoning -LRB- this post will go in at 8-51 -RRB- i 'd better have completed it 7 weeks 4 hours and 39 minutes from when this post goes in or else !!
NEG just checking in ... 40 miles last week , with a 3 mile tempo run of 19 minutes into a gale - felt hard ! nothing this week so far - was working abroad yesterday , and with impeccable timing got ill monday night - no sleep and multiple bathroom visits ! crawled home from hrow yesterday to find rest of family laid up with same ! rowan : that does really sound like a lot of money - for what it 's worth i also vote for a second opinion . rfj - thats an excellent idea - i find it so much easier with the discipline of a plan to work around . my application for the ballot also went off at the weekend ... ... ... cheers , nick
POS nice one guys , two new pb 's !! both with uphill bits ! i 'm still looking for the sub 1.40 myself ls , as you say it 's getting closer !!! and is n't it nice to get that elusive sub 45 batw , not sure if i 'll ever get faster but as least it 's done !! no running today , day off after 7 days on the trot so looking forward to a fell run tomorrow me thinks , maybe even in the sun !! a bit quiet again in the holiday season . see ya lata . cheers . beders
NEG i must be one of those strange people who now weighs a bit less than they did for flm -LRB- about 5lbs -RRB- . here 's what i look like with a bmi of a whopping 24.2 and a bleeding nipple : . i might 've featured in some of ww 's pics had he not left me for dust to finish his 40 mins ` last 10k dash ' !
POS tt . nf is still on - we go there lots as a family , so i 'd like to run there . but i 'll take it as a run and enjoy it . i 'm no longer in a rush to get race fit as fast as possible . there will be no more 3 or 4 peaks run in preparation for it though , and if the hills are a struggle then what the fuck i do n't really care . i 've another couple of other race entries that i 've previously paid for too , but again i 'll just treat then as extra runs and enjoy them . my knee and my aerobic base fitness will hopefully benefit in the long run .
POS yes , there do seem to be alot of b days around this time !
POS i once had a customer tell me all about the marathon his mum did - turned out it was a race for life .
NEU good news re . mini wabbs . . my cheque still not cashed so not in for me . well done didds and corredor although i may still have club place option -LRB- as in this year -RRB- . . quads achy after circuits and yesterday 's run . but in a weird way quite like it . off for torture 5 miles tonight with club . -LRB- where i am always at back ! -RRB-
NEG wtgy - i would n't run speedwork by hr although it can be useful to look at the stats afterwards , e.g. to see how well hr is falling off over different recovery times , etc. recovery runs and long runs i aim to stay < 75 % max . with other stuff it depends what the purpose of the run is , e.g. a complete run at ` marathon pace ' -LRB- something approx to your wednesday run ? -RRB- might be around 85 % max , or a tempo run @ around 90 % with warm-up and cool down . fwiw , % max i 've seen for races have typically been : mara 86 % , hm 88 % , 10k 93 % , although that all went out of the window with my last hm where i averaged hr -LRB- 182 -RRB- same as my last 10k -LRB- ?! -RRB- i think i 've found hr useful to keep an eye on for trying to keep a steady pace , but without relying on keeping to some pre-planned level . i like to think i pay less attention to it as i get better pacing by perceived effort . gobi at bushy . 16.45 - tt -LRB- whatever i predict you always tonk it anyway , so i may as well make it a little stiffer for you this time -RRB- . 16.48 - padams -LRB- as long as it 's 16.02 or slower -RRB- . 16.50 - philpub . 16.57 - mtr . 17.01 - gobi -LRB- sods law it will be windy and wet !!! -RRB- . sorry to be anal mtr but for consistency i 've removed your colon . fnick , fnick !
POS no , just from highams park - was 5 miles . only back up to 10k at the minute ! yes , just read about paula , inspirational ! my brother -LRB- he was on the bus with us flm 07 morning -RRB- , ran his first dublin marathon last monday . 4 hrs dead . fab time for him .
NEU is n't the gnr flatter ?
NEU i followed the advanced marathoning 18 week up to 50 mile schedule in 2006 and improved my flm pb from 3:16 to 2:56 . in 2007 i did the 18 week up to 70 mile schedule and did 2:50 . this year i 'm planning on doing the same as 2007 with two changes . i 'm going to try and run the last 5 miles of my long runs at marathon pace -LRB- 6:17 -RRB- to try and improve my ability to maintain speed towards the end of a race and i 'm going to do tempo runs instead of track work . i 'm aiming to go sub 2:45 which i reckon i would have been pretty close to last year if it had n't been so hot . i 've found the above schedules easy to follow . they are almost two easy in that very few of the sessions are high intensity and i always panic that i 'm not doing enough . however come the big day they have the desired effect . if i get a sub 2:45 i 'm going to jack in the training and run my last marathon in 2009 off the elite start dressed in a huge scooby doo outfit . that should guarantee me a slot on the telly !
POS i 've found that one of the best things about keeping notes is that they stop me worrying that i 'm not doing enough . i 'm running 10 + extra miles per week compared with last year , but generally feeling a lot less tired . and i do n't have to rest all afternoon after an 18 mile run . 9 mile club run at 6:45 min/mile last night .
NEU morning all - feeling very tired this morning - running a half marathon followed by a party involving several glasses of wine - not a good combination ! however , buoyed by yesterday 's success i have just entered another half in march as it lines up with distance for lsr on the same day . so , although course a bit hillier hoping i will have gained a bit more fitness by then - although i have a 20miler the previous week so maybe not ! tutu - still a great time . i was looking at the results trying to work out which was yours . were there any team prizes at the awards ceremony ? . wore my skins to bed last night so the legs feel ok - just the general tiredness/slight hangover that is not so good ! : - -LRB- thankfully hangoiver not as bad as feared after three large glasses of wine . dtb - great to hear the pat strap thing works . hrr - good to hear you 're back on top form . really must get some work done - ca n't procrastinate any longer !
POS . can you believe that our charity ... the blue cross have placed themselves up 2 flights of stairs ? yikes ! after a long run , i love a glass of cold milk and some hazelnuts . hope they have some as a reward for dragging myself up there !
NEU i 'm back and i 'm stinkin but i 've got 11 miles under my belt EMO_HAPPY . more news after my shower . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU i hope you will all take responsibility for my letting go so beautifully , as you advised , and now have eaten my way through two . snowballs , a fry-up , chicken curryand rice , fish an dchips , oh and stewed apple yogurt and honey . heeeeellllp !!!
NEU does n't look like it !! . but i 'm sure there are lots . by the way - i 'm running for children with leukaemia - they have hundreds of runners but not a single thread here in the forum ...
POS wow what a lot of soft mush you lot talk ;--RRB- . tutu - have you ever considered that if you stand at the starting line it may be because you are slightly bonkers and those that did n't get there may be the sensible ones ? susan - have a good rest , you deserve it after your almost long run !!
NEG oh dear hana ! i really do sympathize ! i have been absolutely unbearable for the whole of this month , and will no doubt be the same until i get to the start line , either this year or 2009 . when i am pain free i think its possible , but then when i try to work out the remaining days and what to do , i start to think it is increasingly unlikely that i will start the race . . mrs puffy had to defer once , and there is simply nothing to be said or done , it is thoroughly miserable and frustrating and anyone that tries to cheer you up just has n't a clue . it must be even worse as you read about people doing their last runs and beginning the taper . i reckon its got to be up there with a major accident or losing your job . . just do n't send the form in till you have too . -LRB- and do it special delivery -RRB-
NEU bizkit , i think we are getting a wee bit nervous and excitable . -LRB- hana 's fault -RRB- . we shall calm down now .
POS i put this on the macmillan runners thread last year ... now i lay me down to sleep . i pray the lord my health to keep . if i should panic before i wake . i pray the lord my fear to take . god bless barley , beanz , all group 5 runners , supporters and runners from the other groups , the mad lady from group one celebrating her 50th on race day . btw , i am not particularly religious , i just like this .
NEG gatton do you work for argos ? i used to work for them , the branch in kingston upon thames . it 's gone downhill massively since i worked there though . . obviously cause i left -LRB- but maybe other reasons like halving the shop in size , for example ! -RRB- . anyway , just popping into this thread to give my details for the support group . forum name : annajo . name -LRB- suggest you email this if unhappy to divulge via the forum -RRB- anna . race number 10386 . estimated time to mile 17 somewhere between 3-3 .5 hours -LRB- aiming for a sub 5 -RRB- . what you 'll be wearing green macmillan vest with ` anna ' on the front , over a t-shirt -LRB- probably black long sleeve -RRB- and black leggings . any special needs * tell me how great i 'm looking , even though i 'll be looking knackered ! apart from that i should be ok , i 'm carrying the equivalent of the kitchen sink with me !
POS aha - you 're right judderman . my head is very kind and knows i am running for charity . i too am planning on doing penny lane . i have the entry form in my briefcase that i printed out yesterday at work !! might even manage waterloo 15k which is may bank holiday but only 3 weeks after flm so will have to see . will enter it on the day probably . will do penny lane though as my target is to get speed back this summer over 5-6 milers .
POS nah , it 'll be scott ! well done hana - like i said , it 's already on sky + so looking forward to sitting down with a very very large glass of a decent rioja and watching you on monday evening !
POS just wanted to say a huge good luck to jason at katrina for tomorrow - hope you have a great run and enjoy the atmosphere !! katrina , hope the cold is gone . roo - well done on your pb ! sorry to hear about your friend 's baby , hope all is ok . xx . roo/legs - i will prob watch on tv , but if i can make it down i will text you .
POS thanks alex ! ywould love one , you are a star . . will sponsor you on weds when i get paid though as no money in the world right now ! will email you then once i 've done it . how did you get on yourself this year ? stomach behaving better ?! ;--RRB- your story from last year was my all-time fave !!! EMO_HAPPY
POS morning all . sounds like some good running going on again now . i 'm feeling a bit like mr blobby for some reason , but will hopefuly get back in to it soon . cruisin . good to see you back , and a huge well done for raising that amount . fantastic . tutu . my pb for 2008 flm was around 31 mins improvement . bound to be someone with a better one i guess ? . i was dead chuffed with my time 'till i found out a 67 year old in my running club , beat me by 3 mins , with a 3 .42 . that bought me down to earth with a bump !
NEU oh bowi i 'm sure we 're all going to miss you EMO_HAPPY . was it something we said or your new job ? you must be sure to pop back in to let us know how you did on the moonwalk for sure .
POS watched it all the way through today - thanks alex. i am on screen for about 5 seconds but hey it was worth it lol . you 've really worked hard doing these dvd 's for everyone - well done !!!!!!!!
POS didds - having said that a sub 3:40 at abingdon is quite appealing !! -LRB- umbongo slaps himself round the face for having such silly ideas -RRB- . my targets for the rest of the year are sub 1:40 half , sub 45 10k -LRB- and then as close to 40mins as i can -RRB- . i have my first club 10k next week which will be my marker and then they do one in july and one in august . the july one will be my sub 45min race and the august will be to get as close to 40mins as possible . i am down to do windsor half in sept -LRB- the same day as new forest half ! -RRB- . i am booked in for my london to oxford bike ride in july -LRB- may see wabo there or not -RRB- . i read the rw article on lance armstrong and quite like the idea of combining cycling into my running training blah blah blah
POS 6th july , i am free , now dave do not knock this off !!!!
NEU brian - great racing , sounds like you 're going well . coro - i keep intending to do something at a watford open meeting , but never get round to it . a 3k might be interesting . let me know if you decide to do one and i 'll try to come along .
NEU cg that 's a big big lr for a hot day , very tough . + good run joolska too , you will fly when it cools down -LRB- prob for the rest of the summer -RRB-
NEU a lot can change in a week . having bailed 2 attempts at a 10m pmp run last week i nailed one last night to the point that it became a long tempo run rather than pmp . 10.38 m in 73:30 = 7:05 mm pace . was half tempted to carry on to try to log an unofficial hm pb as this is 10s per mile inside my current hm pb pace and was still feeling strong . ave hr 160 . very pleased . not sure what was different . i am transistioning into new trainers at the moment - most of last weeks running was on old ones with c 700m on them so extra cushioning may have helped but i think the biggest difference was just generally feeling up for it and wanting to get things back on the right track . the other factor may be that i had had about 3 weeks running mostly off road hilly routes culminating in borrowdale leading upto last week 's training so have had to readjust to running faster on the flat again . anyway - feeling more positive again so i 'll enjoy it while it lasts . steady 5.5 m this morning and hoping to squeeze in a cheeky visit to the track on the way home tonight which would make for a rare double . . cg - get well soon and do n't try to fight it . i had 10 days off with some sort of lurgy/man-flu in march . it was right at the time my training for flm should have been peaking but i just did n't feel like running so i did n't -LRB- was also v busy at work at the time -RRB- . i 'm sure i limited the damage by resting rather than trying to run through it .
POS yep , ady , yogs is def running with a ballot place . well done fp - another bod to cheer along the mall ! err , sorry lads , not doing beachy - like i said earlier , too much carp in my life . ticking along with about 3 runs a week at the moment just to keep a -LRB- very -RRB- low level of fitness - and it clears my head a bit from all the rubbish that sswfw puts in it ! x
POS you know how i always advise folks to run lots of 10ks !!!!!!!!!! still no pug ?
NEU great race report tutu sounds like fun . might have to give it a go sometime . as for guy fawkes , i did n't do it . i 've not run more than 10 miles yet since hurting my back so i decided togive the race a miss . ended up at the metro centre all day looking at prams and other baby stuff instead . got out for 9.5 miles last night , really slow and i 've not yet recovered my ability to run up hills as i had to stop a couple of times on the really steep one close to home . i know that when i can run up it without stopping then i 'm back to full fitness . . it an early bonfire party tonight with fireworks etc -LRB- no idea why it 's done a day early in bishop auckland but it is -RRB- so it cross training in the gym at lunchtime with a couple of miles on the treadmill . ozy
NEU was n't that shake 'n' vac ?
NEG i 'm backing off a bit this week after last week 's big week . niggles are niggly , especially yesterday when i had to drive to maidenhead and back for a meeting . worse for my legs than anything else - struggled through a recovery run in the late afternoon . rice last night and my legs are a lot better , but i do n't have the work window today to do the planned 14 mile run -LRB- lunchtime and evening meetings -RRB- , so i 'll fit in a 6-8 mile run at some point in the day . work is going to be very hectic in the next few months , as the charity i run is merging with another -LRB- larger -RRB- one . loads of meetings , documents , due diligence , lawyers , accountants , etc. etc. ontop of my normal job . should all settle down by the end of april - thus potentially ruining my whole training plan for london . we 'll see . . welcome mp , there 's some good stuff in this thread , but a lot of other stuff to plough through to get to it - 8 hours might be optimistic ! by my calculations that 's about 40 posts a minute to read . marigold - nice to hear you 're reentering the land of the living . i reckon i 've been virus-free for 10 days now , which might be a record for the last 6 months !
NEU i think all the quick treadmill running is definitely an indication of frustration of plodding through snow ! if it goes ahead i think conditions wise wokingham will be the complete opposite of last year . it was as close to perfect conditions as i think i have run in . oh well , pbs all round ? and claim an extra min or 2 on the old pugometer ! ;--RRB-
NEU sue c wrote . mm - you know an awful lot about cycling ! do you have a background in the sport ? yes EMO_HAPPY i still consider myself a cyclist even though i do more running these days than cycling . i got into cycling 20 years ago through the excitement of the best tour de france ever won by greg lemond and have followed it ever since . done a fair bit of racing but time constraints since my daughter was born have caused me to take up running to keep fit - bizarrely doing marathon training is easier -LRB- timewise -RRB- with a family than trying to train for time trials or road races . . caterpillar girl - v jealous of the fact you 've got your 5 x longest runs done already . i ' ve got another lsr planned tomorrow -LRB- weather permitting -RRB- but i 'm building up over the next 11 weeks to get them all in rather than getting them done early on . pmp - i 'm with xps on this one . i try and fit in 1 x pmp pace run of an hour every two weeks to ` practice ' running at target pace but my take on it is that you should do varied runs throughout the week to work on all aspects of your fitness - lsr , pmp , intervals to develop your vo2 max , recovery runs . the only thing missing -LRB- at present -RRB- in my weekly schedule is a medium length run of 10-13 miles but this is something i am planning on introducing to increase my miles shortly .
NEU a lot of thought has to go into my signs . do you know how many clip art pictures there are out there ??
POS i think those who dont put on weight should take some of the rest of our weight as they burn it off easier . anyone watching london let us all know where you 'll be so you can cheer us - if its still light by the time i get past --
NEG he 's right though emily . it 's really tough when you want to do it , but better in the long run to miss it than to get properly injured . yes a swim later might be good as then you have n't got the pounding . i know how you 're feeling .
POS i 'm back from my fab weekend in carlise . lovely country house hotel , too much food and drink and no running at all . will have to get back to it tomorrow . watched the boys play rugby in sleet and gusting wind . was totally drenched and freezing cold afterwards but good games . got back to hotel for lovely hot bubbly bath and a bottle of champagne ! ah it sounds like the exams went well . hope you hear soon as the waiting is often harder than the exam . what are longest lsrs that people have planned ? i thought i read that someone was planning 22 and 24 ? is anyone going over 20 ?
NEU morning everyone ! heading off on my 16 miler . not sure if i should go the roads or the old railway line . railway line is traffic free . hate trying to make decisions when i 'm sleepy !!
NEU wibble !!! i was just thinking where i 'll be this time next week . my friend just has a baby two weeks late , maybe this is how she felt . you know it 's going to hurt , but ca n't stand the waiting !
NEG nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo . nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo . noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo that ca n't be right ...
NEU wotcha peeps ! nam , i sent you through a rather hideous photo earlier , am hoping you got it okay ... i 'm nowhere near brave enough to put it on here !!! i 'm off to the expo on friday , is it odd to be slightly jealous of everyone who 's gone today ?!! :-p . k x
NEG they are great at going slow . at least pen and paper people all had equal chance . iv been trying most of the day and got as far as enter ballot before crashing . i missed out last year to so will be even more disapointed again this year . get rid of that big red screen !!!
POS brilliant hen well done ! just checking whether abingdon does have a women over 60 category it does not look as though they do ?
NEG the photos were not good last year . i felt i wasted my money . hopefully they are of better quality this year .
POS kwilter ... waddling less wrote i was asking edith . oh ok EMO_HAPPY
NEU chin up jw , you are a champion ... ... . if he keeps behaving like this then he 'll be known as a chumpion ... . . take care you ... rob EMO_HAPPY
POS afternoon all , . tr - happy birthday mate . i decided on a10k off-road race last night instead of track - good decision , really nice run . 36:30 and 6th place . it was in the grounds of alnwick castle/estate for anyone who knows the north east -LRB- or harry potter -RRB- . . well i 've finally managed to find a embra number ; & not ;-RRB- . just need to ; . - work out how to get from pen xxx to pen 1 as the number is 10 , xxx . - pick my moment to mention to other half ?? - work out where to stay or travel early morn . - start worrying about the weather . right where is that racers list !!!!
POS tr - happy birthday for today . charle w - belated congrats on your sub 3 . i was also wondering what are the main differences between the new and old p & d book ? is it worth buying the new one if i have the old one already ? 8 miles for me again and trying to build by base up in prep for abingdon and nice and steady . cheers
NEG viola ! psi : bet that does n't help !!!!!!!
NEG just for the latest update , someone else wanted the same weekend as us and had beaten us to a provisional booking . . so far he hasnt paid the deposit and he as until friday to do so . if we fail to get that particular weekend then i have reserved the following weekend . so either way it will happen - just when rather than if . regards
POS thanks for the reply , have just emailed you .
POS there are actually 2 charities involved with this - the hertfordshire community foundation -LRB- an unmbrella organisation for charities in herts -RRB- and the myasthenia gravis association which support sufferers of myasthenia gravis -LRB- a fluctuating muscle weakness -RRB-
POS prefer the new name more fitting i think !!! better be a good route with coffee and hot bagels at the end courtesy of use seeing as we are coming over to alty !!! ps i shall do those cheadle h run routes for you shortly !
POS can anybody help ... have just treated myself to a polar a5 . for my long slow run i 'm supposed to keep my hr at 65 - 70 % of max . however , monitor reads 84 to 90 % but i feel really comfortable , . when i slowed to 65 % and i was just faster than a walk . . toooo slow ! have been running for a year post baby , have lost 2 stone another stone to go and really looking forward to my first marathon . should i listen to my perceived exersion level or the monitor ?
POS pizzaman . cheers for the encouraging words ! i did my 1:26 half marathon in 2001 and ran flm that year with an injured friend which meant finishing in 4:31 to make sure the slacker finished ! i 'm keen to see what i can do at the fleet half since i ran a 10km pb three weeks ago and training has been going well since then . i take your point about the pacers - i 'll try and use them as a ` ceiling ' for a 3:15 finish . a further concern is that i think i 'll be in the 3:30 pen at the start and it might be a bit of a battle to find my way to the 3:15 pacer . . god , its going to be a fun day -LRB- assuming i get there ok ! -RRB- . the bat
POS well the mind is a powerful healing tool !!
POS laugh out loud monique :0 -RRB- .
NEG not worth throwing it all away , but certainly not worth serious or permanent injury . if the pain is still there after a few days rest then think seriously about giving this year a miss and defer to next year.have had to do this myself for this year.disappointed , but having done the race 2 years ago , it 's not just a case of `` only another 6 '' at the end . they were the hardest 6 miles i think i have ever done.better to be running in next years race than not being able to run at all.sorry about the doom and gloom outlook.my brother had an knee injury a few years back and decided to do a race anyway . he now watches me from the side as he really knackered his knee up.if the body says it hurts , do n't do it .
NEU wolfy . i was looking on trianline but i 'll try virgin and gner
NEU ... and when it 's finished you might throw up . sorry - that ' the sort of thing i should have kept to myself EMO_HAPPY
POS mwah , caz , thanks.see you at the thistle ...
POS nearly as good as the archers this !
POS mands . i 've been taking multi vitamins for couple of months now plus a codliver oil capsule a day and yes they do turn wee yellow . thought i was ill first time i noticed until i twigged what was doing it . good news is i have ` nt had a sniffle or owt since started taking them so must be good i guess or just lucky . andy makes a good point - i tend to want to pee just before a race several times and will probably be worse this sunday ! good luck everyone . mike
POS i have faith in you saqib !
POS i know of a very good one that covers north london and ec1 area . call brendan on 07950 233466 . he charges 30 pounds an hour .
POS congratulations spans . . maybe it 's only non-veteran males that has been changed . well , pre-2002 there was no gfa scheme for us at all . going to have to negotiate time to train for and race the robin hood marathon now to break 3-hrs . not easy as skip junior number 2 is due one week before !
NEG ok , so i 've filled out the form but should i send a stamped envelope for them to send my number ? once somebody put a note in telling me off because i did n't .
POS st giles hotel arround the 80 mark for a very nice room with sports facilities tottenham court road tube station .
NEG only 32 weeks to go !! , well minus christmas weeks cos no one runs then so thats 30 then there 's the taper three weeks before so . 27 oh and of course you 'll have a couple of colds over that time which take a week or so to get over so 23 , ah but then there 's a chance you 'll have a birthday between now and then so thats a saturday night out on the beer and you do n't want to be running with a hangover so 22 ah and of course there 's injuries . bound to have one in that time , which take at least 4 weeks to get over so . .18 . ah forgot new years eve which leaves you with a hang over for at least a week . oh and of course there ; s all those sunday mornings when you really ca n't be bothered to get out of the bed because its raining . oh and the wedding aniversary and wifes birthday , both of which you are expected to bring her breakfast in bed and take her out for the day . so that leaves 4 weeks !! then there 's all the d.i.y jobs she expects you to do on sundays that you have n't done because of all the hangovers , birthdays , and bad weather , so that leaves us with one week to train ... hmmmmm think i 'll defer till next year !
NEU hi all . just to clear up a point . i never knocked the abingdon , just saying its a small race in comp to d flm . what is n't ? i 've heard a few good things about it and it fits nicely between flms . so im defo considering givin it a go . woony
NEU the line was blue last time i looked andy - think you 've been on the drugs ;o-RRB- . i personally think it 's important to do lots of long runs to avoid dying at the end . i do n't go for the over distance theory , but i 'm aiming for several 22s as well as a couple of 20s .
NEU when is the melbourne grand prix ?
POS flm they organise so many trains to get there it is not a problem , i get coached to the start but then all i have to do is be up in the morning and on the bus !!!
POS mark , let us know if the zinc works for you . good luck for sunday .
POS < looks around innocently > `` whadisay , whadisay ? ''
NEG meerkat - i keep trying to access your site but there appears to be a problem . i keep seeing a picture of a ginger minkey - surely that ca n't be right ????
NEU i think i might go for a swim on saturday morning - really gentle . thanks for the exercise skeezix - i will have a hot bath and a stretch tonight . someone at my club suggested it might have just knotted up when i started tapering - fingers crossed . carbo loading - i am slowly increasing the carbs but trying to take on some protein as well to help with the healing - lots of tuna and mackeral ! i am trying to take on enough water as well but do feel a bit dehydrated so moving on to energy drinks from tomorrow .
POS bad luck adam - find a good physio , mine suggested it was my greater trochanter muscle and lower back and hip joint inflammation . she gave ultrasound/tens machine type thing/back & hip massage and loads of stretches and core stability exercises . 2 weeks of no running just swimming and 4 physio sessions sorted it out completely . anyway , you could n't have done 13 miles without training , at least hold on to that . you 'd have done a great half-marathon . what about the loch ness marathon ? my sister helped to organise it last year , then ran it and it sounded great . i did n't meet up with anyone beforehand as i was sprinting across the field to the loo - that was before i knew there was a half-hour wait !
POS good idea , it 's a lovely day , i 'm going for a long walk ! thanks everyone EMO_HAPPY
POS oooh , jpvd , you 're sooooo keen ... :--RRB- . 8 miles easy for me today so prob . i wo n't be joining you . have a nice sunny nostalgic run though ! ca n't remember where womble but i definitely got a push as you went past me . i 'm assuming you 're the guilty womble as we ran a similar time . do n't worry i wo n't be seeking revenge ... . much ... . . ;--RRB-
NEU hi monique , . which ironman are you doing ? i did my third run last night after the marathon , a club 7 miler , legs still heavy ! i think on the back of my current fitness , i 'm going to do another half marathon on may 16 and then possibly another marathon on 13 june in devon . i 'm determined to try and run a more tactical marathon and not start off doing 6.20 miles !! my only difficulty now is a training schedule post marathon ! i 'm not sure when to start doing speed and harder sessions !
POS 35833 surely . so it 's still cool and quite remarkable . nice one daniel !!
POS hi all . fairly quiet on the thread at the moment , like i have been myself a bit really . ran home from work last night , usual 7 mile route , which was quite enjoyable , as it had stopped raining by then and was warm . i 've realised that some days you just feel good , like you 're flying along -LRB- like ashley -RRB- and some days it 's just not going to happen and i 've had quite a few of those lately . 2 weeks ago i had a good day and finished the same route over 2 mins quicker , even by not even really trying , so i think your body has natural ebbs and flows of energy , it 's just getting it right . tonight i 'm back at the club and we have planned a recce run of the last 10k inter-club league race , which is a week today . this should be fun , as it 's got some sharp hills in it apparently , just hope i can hang onto the mens pack . tomorrow i will probably run a 13-miler from work , then saturday is rest day and sunday is track & field . training seems to be all over at the moment , due to various races and leagues , but will get it right . i 'm thinking of doing newark half marathon on 8th august -LRB- instead of darlington 10k -RRB- which i had planned , has anyone run this before or know anything about it ? hope you are all flying and looking forward to the weekend races , if you have anything planned . cheers . sarah :0 -RRB-
NEU very interesting smashy - i 'm amazed that you think the course/conditions could make 13 minutes of difference -LRB- assuming paula is in 2:15 shape given perfect conditions -RRB- - it must be an absolute stinker of a course . and poor tracey morris if it does end up taking her 2:45 - hope she has some people to run with at that pace or it might be quite a lonely race for her .
POS this sounds fantastic ! dips , would you say it is better to go on one of the earlier camps in january , in order to get all the principles in earlier ? or is it best to sign up for late feb when i 've built up a bit more endurance ?
POS wow - that 's wonderful . thanks guys !! thanks for taking the time to type all that out , joby ! will post my application this evening . EMO_HAPPY
POS my cheque was cashed from barclays today bequeathed . my mate has had his cashed as well and is beqqueathed too ! fingers crossed i am in i want to beat last years time !
POS minkin - tf1 is me , tsb , in my home computer incarnation . EMO_HAPPY
POS well done jj and shades . fantastic time jj , especially into a wind ! shades - 5.07 is not bad for a possible lurgy and big hills !!
POS i remember watching various marathons when i was small . mike grattons win , on a rainy day i seem to remember , enjoyed that one particularly .
POS yeah , will give them a call , thanks dips !
POS hi waldorf - like the guys say you 're more than welcome to join us the more the merrier ! hope everyone had an excellent xmas ! hs - sorry i did n't get back to you on the boxing day run - as we were out all xmas day - i had no pc web access - and had to get out early boxing day morning - before dinner prep -LRB- i should phone or text you in future i guess -RRB- - you 're right it was really frosty and cold - but such a beautiful morning - i did a 5 miler and got back home feeling on top of the world - new mp3 player helping . . did anyone get out today for a run - i did a a 5 miler including 4 hill reps up mill hill - only to the bridge though - was really tough but felt great afterwards . hope you are still ok for tomorrow cc - guess you are mega busy at the mo. new running kit sounds good normski - anyone else get any kit from santa ?
NEG back from 7.5 miles-aborted lsd , felt horrible , but i was running too fast . -LRB- ha ha -RRB- . i had to run through this lurgy . its now lasted 3 weeks
POS jaq , . just started thinking of hotels , saw your post , checked website , hotel looks good , price as yours , so i 'm booked in . london marathon contingent of two at the comfort inn . any others ?
POS the initial objectives of the london marathon -LRB- as set out by chris brasher -RRB- . * to improve the overall standard and status of british marathon running by providing a fast course and strong international competition . * to show to mankind that , on occasions , the family of man can be united . * to raise money for the provision of recreational facilities in london . * to help london tourism . * to prove that when it comes to organizing major events , ` britain is best ' . * to have fun and provide some happiness and sense of achievement in a troubled world . flm does not and never did exist solely to raise money for charity . but on the other hand charitable objectives were there from the start . . i still believe that all these objectives can be part of the london marathon
POS do n't cwy podds - i 'll stay wiff you :--RRB- . i 've decided to treat the whole thing as a learning experience . runs will be for training purposes only therefore - slow -LRB- what else is new -RRB- . not gon na race or even try to -LRB- but then again , i 'm not competitive like that so that wo n't be hard to stick to -RRB- . we 're gon na ` ave a real good time . bit of a larff while we learn . god i 'm sooooo excited !!! . must calm down . must calm down . must calm down . etc. ...
POS excellent trinity , we getting ourselves put about ! i also looked at the dartmoor event ... quite fancy that now , without reading all the details do you do it in pairs ? . i usually do the lovely jog shop 20 .
NEG here 's a silly question . i 've never done an ice bath . how exactly do you set one up ? do you just throw ice cubes in a tub full of cold water ? and is it okay to start by just submerging your lower legs in it ? my injuries are usually concentrated there .
POS on the morning of the marathon or any long run i will have a bowl of porridge with a mashed up banana and runny honey on top , it 's like rocket fuel and should give you a good start .
POS jamesk . it is also my first marathon ... but i 'm going to make sure i 've got lots of vaseline on those chains ! see you april 17th ! cheers . gdave
NEU bs . i 've been in a similar situation myself when i just could n't cope with even 50 miles/week and when the long run became more than half the weeks mileage . i ended up copying a guy whose weekly training pattern went : race , rest , rest , train , train , taper , taper and race . joke training ? perhaps . but i adapted it as a salvage job for marathon training . one difference was that the long run was on a saturday followed the next day by a 50 mile bike ride . ok result too .
POS apology accepted ! well , enjoy . . and come back tomorrow morning and tell us all that you survived . .
NEG dont know htp , is that a garmin gps unit or something else ?
POS katypie and diana d - hope your 16 milers go well . i 'll be trying for 18 tomorrow . katypie - you 're a bit keen - edinburgh 's not till june !
POS helen - true ! aa - i have considered it - how long would you have to spend jogging in the pool - whow long in the pool equates to what in terms of miles ? would appreciate some advice on aqua jogging ! i 'm seeing the osteo again to day so i will ask him about it as well . i 've only had 3 days off - but i 'm already beginning to feel like a right lardy any day now it doesnt help that people keep bringing chocolate into the office !
POS i do n't know!i turn my back for 5 minutes and all this tri - stuff comes out of the woodwork again - i wonder if anything can be purchased to deal with this infestation ? ;-RRB- . alp - sounds like a good run you had - hope that massage irons out those aches . cc - next time you are creating with the gold spray paint etc. - give me a shout - sounds like fun - you 'd probably end with 3 times the mess though ! normski - hope that treddie ache is temperorary !
POS jj - sorry to hear that you are n't going to make it this time around . but hey , there will plenty more marathons for you when fate is being kinder !! i hope you pop back in here often to cheer us all on ! good luck with your 10k times . EMO_HAPPY
NEU link sent to hotmail address trinity .
NEG ok delia , see you there . feeling a bit stiff tonight from my ` mountain ' climbing now ! ts
POS oh - and welcome ; 0 -RRB-
POS a list a list , this thread needs a list . pizza man . run rabbit run . ploding hippo -LRB- gerroff me gin -RRB-
NEG bd says he is not fidgety !
NEU oops ... spud . wibble wobble booooiiiiiing
POS agree with cougie and mr c ;--RRB-
NEG team 5er here . i 'm a bit calmer now - was in a panic at work today . . i 'm off to the expo tomorrow evening afterwork will anyone else be there . stickless bb and bd - which part of somerset . i have family down there - grew up there but live in london now . my dad runs a pub near wincanton .
POS right i 'm ready ! a chum picked up my number for me so i have got that and my championchip etc etc. bag is now packed ready with all stuff i need for flm , got my extra layers to wear at the start plus bin bag , so any of you that i meet at the clarendon you will have to excuse me for looking like a dork but it will all be peel off throwaway gear !! transport is deffo free ladies , just need to flash yer number ! going for an early night now -LRB- with my nytol which worked last night ! -RRB- , trying to get as much rest in now as i am sure i wo n't sleep very well tomorrow and sat . expo cheapskates - my cereal bar in the goody bag is out of date !! keep smiling folks . ts .
POS i think that whatever marathon you enter you have to approach it with the knowledge that every marathon is different for various reasons ... location , size of event , sponsorship etc. of course the bigger the event the greater the likelyhood the crowd support will be but ofcourse the flm is a league unto it 's own . in regards to future training ... there is a wealth of information on the internet and on this rw site for marathon training depending on what time you want to achieve . the easiest way to find a training schedule is to ` google ' `` marathon training schedules '' and choose one that works for you . jamie , . the key to keeping your legs going on a bit longer is those long traning runs ... getting a few 20 milers under your belt will help in addition to fine tuning your carbohydrate loading , wearing a good pair of running shoes etc etc. the flm is a fantastic marathon but it is n't the only one ! there are plenty of other great marathons out there for you to enjoy . happy running !
NEG well i dont `` run '' them do i. if you had been asked to walk 26 miles twice-well you could yeh ?
NEU hi specky . sorry to hear about your back . what did you do ? . shame about robin hood . i 've just completed my first week 's running post flm and managed to do 17 miles which is n't too bad going . going to try a long run tomorrow , not sure how far to go as i think my legs will feel it . i 'm dithering about how to approach my training now . blackpool in 7 weeks , then a 10k the week after and another 10k the week after that . glutton for punishment or what !
POS cant beat a bit of early morning glory ! EMO_HAPPY morning dips
NEU afternoon all . running from fairlop waters with loopyloo at 9:30 on sunday morning if anyones around . jason
POS stayed in westminster thistle this year and it did tick all the boxes ... walking distance from finish ... good early breakfast and a very nice hotel ... see you there
NEU 3 kids would be beyond me ! i am managing a full time job + ou maths degree + ironman training -LRB- ish -RRB- but only because my b/f is a runner/triathlete too so he understands ...
POS julie b 70 . it 's fab for a first one !
NEG oh yeah ... 5:10 . i basically walked from mile 20-24 !
POS mwcmf - cba - that 's definately going to be passed on ! nice one !! ooo - good luck in ny . and good luck on the pub crawl that will no doubt follow . after any major race i think you deserve the right to celebrate and doubled with a birthday , well that 's just an excuse to abuse it . i know i did back in may when i ran a half on my 40th birthday . m - it sounds like you 're about to peak or is this just a warm up for an iron man ?
POS just adding me to the list !! alan_every - -LRB- 02-11-05 -RRB- - barclays - bequethed . ali bongo - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc - bequeathed . annie -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - natwest - bequeathed . a princess -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc - bequeathed . beast fighter -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- lloyds - bequeathed . berry -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - one - bequeathed -LRB- i think -RRB- . burtyboy -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed . cath -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - barclays - bequeathed . chris s - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . crazy pavey - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- first direct - bequeathed . davey muv - -LRB- 1/11/05 -RRB- capital one - bequeathed . eternal plodder - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - barclays-bequethed . h davis - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- nationwide - bequeathed . heckenhocker - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- citibank - bequeathed . hs -LRB- 02/11/02 -RRB- fd - bequeathed . kit-e-cat -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- lloyds bequeathed . low profile - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- halifax bequeathed . missp -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- ltsb bequeathed . mitten -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- barclays - bequeathed . northern snail -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- hsbc . oj - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- rbs - bequeathed . ojs friend - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- halifax bequeathed . paul sant - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequethed . pepe -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . phal -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- ltsb bequeathed . plodette -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb bequeathed . riza -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- barclays bequathed 5th attemp . rocks -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . ruby k -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- hsbc - bequeathed . rumbletum -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- abbey - bequeathed 5th time rejected !! slimboyslim -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- - first direct - bequeathed . sore toes -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed . sore toes mr -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed . splash -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc bequeathed . steve grin bp -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - bequeathed . stevi - -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . stephen rackstraw -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . susie-sarus -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . suffolk swift -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- abbey - bequeathed . tamworth runner -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- hsbc bequeathed . tim -LRB- paris 2005 -RRB- - 2/11/05 rbs bequeathed . tinribs -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - barclays - bequeathed . the villager -LRB- 02/11/05 -RRB- - ltsb - bequeathed - 2nd year . tubby tortoise02/11-first direct-bequeathed . weds -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - first direct-unknown bequeath -RRB- . nippynora -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hsbc - bequeathed - 2n d yr . wylls -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - hbos - bequeathed . runlikethewind -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- bequeathed . weeman -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- abbey - bequeathed . wee witch -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - clydesdale bequeathed . wixey -LRB- 2/11/05 -RRB- - halifax - bequeathed
NEG as you can see i still have lots to learn when it comes to posting links . shall i try again ? here is attempt two
NEU do you stop off at one of the many pubs on route ?
POS brilliant result gg - many congratulations and may you be celebrating in style ! had a friend staying this weekend so was planning on taking the whole weekend off , but did manage to fit in a quick run this morning - bit of a blast with a couple of good hills and nice to get outside as so much of my running these days is just on the treadmill at lunchtime . must say , running outside really is far more enjoyable by far and as beders points out -LRB- good long run by the way -RRB- , it is necessary to get used to running on hard surfaces . spent the rest of the day shifting stuff to/from the rubbish dump in anticipation of moving to a smaller place in london and now i ache all over , so not sure what state i 'll be in to do any running tomorrow ! bm - do you recommend the total immersion book ? was thinking about getting it as keen to learn breast stroke and then my `` challenge '' to myself post hong kong marathon is to learn butterfly -LRB- looks like a great workout ! -RRB- . hope the xc went well sarah - thought of you today , as it 's like a mud bath down in kent at the moment and i almost got stuck on my way back when i cut through the back of the park and did the 100yards off road . not as cold as it has been , but still chilly enough that i ran in tights , 2 tops and jacket + hat , gloves , scarf today . welcome boing and david - the more the merrier ... make sure you join in the chat and banter and let us know what you 're up to and no need to lurk EMO_HAPPY
NEU found the thread ...
NEU i 've just signed up for a few races too - taunton half and fulfords five in exmouth . i want to do the bideford half in march but there is n't anything on the website at the moment and the braunton 10 - ditto . if i 've got a few races to look forward to early in the year it 'll keep me motivated . have n't run in a race since torbay 10k in august - shameful !
POS hi everybody first reply so please do n't shout , i have been following some of this and just to add my view i did a few 16 mile runs to and from work about 3 weeks before i ran the cardiff marathon last year . i knocked 12 mins off my pb now 3.14 . i found doing 2 runs in a day gave me a lot of confidence . i am now aiming for 3.05 at flm 06 .
POS ever thought of joining a club ... will help you considerably ; there 's bound to be someone doing flm . ukathletics.net . cubs zone
NEU thanks hipps , cinders is a tuff ole boot so onwards and all that ... just played an hour on me flute and all puffed out so off to bed . tomorrow is another snow filled day EMO_HAPPY
POS thank you dd i will return the favour .
POS diana i have a 20 year old daughter who is single but as you know she is in australia . i am not keen on asking folks for money either but its amazing how generous some folks can be , once on a meal out with friends , i was n't having much to drink as i was doing rfl the next day , at the end of the evening i was unexpectly given 50 as a donation for the race and i never even asked for it . i have club speed session tonight and hopefully a 16 miler at the weekend . .
NEU skip , you have done to much you need a break . take it easy and all the hard work you have put in will pay off in the flm .
POS karen hancock . hi ! i think i saw you -LRB- plus a couple of others -RRB- running past my house -LRB- canberra road -RRB- this morning -LRB- 11:10 am -RRB- . looked like you were giving it some wellie ! made me feel a bit dispirited as i guess you were nearing the end of your long run and i was just doing my pre-run stretching session , with 21 hilly and muddy miles ahead of me ! still , i 'm back now and feeling quite good , having done what i had planned .
POS cheers , andy ! i was a runner in distress !!
POS saqib - good luck for the weekend ! i keep meaning to go onto your charity page and donate - will do soon . let us know how you get on - we want a full run down ! orient - good luck tonight . hope you get some good news soon . good news ! i 've lost 2lbs already - only another 12 to go !
POS hi hh & sdi . thanks for the replys . mrs j did the pengiun plan for her first lm & came in at 5:25 just 2 mins after the pacer . he stopped for a toilet break at 8 miles so she did the rest on her own and never saw him overtake . in the mag i received today it says they do usually 7m/ml up to 12m/ml in min intervals so hopefully they 'll do an 11m/ml which is what she wants . it says to preregister go to this website so i 'll have a look around . . thanks again for trying and good luck all . -LRB- beginning to feel a little jealous though have bigger fish this year . -RRB- . regards . jt
POS littlemiss - . well done on your first 10 miler ! your next goal should be to enter a half marathon as soon as convenient . if you 've done 10 in training you 're nearly there . you 'll be amazed how much more confident you 'll be about the marathon once you 've got your first half under your belt . and running in a race will give you a little idea of the atmosphere on flm day ! good luck !
NEU hi all , . i just want to wish everyone the best of luck with your training and the marathon . much to my dissapointment and frustration i think i need to drop out . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU ttm i hope i have a similar experience as my 10k pb is currently over 44 mins , and i do n't plan doing one before flm , but i hope -LRB- expect ! my hm pb is actually quicker per mile than my 10k pb -RRB- i could improve it . i have found my achilles seem to suffer as my shoes wear out . recommend running off road , as the knackered cushioning has less detrimental effect . mind you , if you live in london this might not be so easy . . ca n't advice on brooks or saucony shoes , tried neither .
NEU yeah just looked at 2005 results , maybe i should hope for number 23 in 23rd place ? might be more realistic ! took a quick look at 2004 results , field was a bit slower that year so top 10 might have been achievable !! not sure what the weather was like that year though ?!
NEG wilde rover , you wont get anything until march when you get the next magazine , i assume just like everyne else . when i ran for a charity i got the app form and youre in magazine from them and then anything else came from flm but as i say not till sometime in march .
POS rossendale eh ? know it well , did the rossendale half a couple of years ago , tough but excellent run , started and finished at marl pit athletic track . we had sun , rain and hail that day .
POS helloooooooo ! sorry for the long absence . it 's been a pretty rough few weeks . nevermind , it 's all back to normal in delia world now so i 'm back and not going to be writing the dreary things i would have otherwise !! i 'm so glad to hear that you 're all doing so well . i ca n't wait to hear all of the race reports after the big day ! i was talking to someone at work today about my flm experience last year and now i 'm horrendously jealous of you all for being the lucky ones doing it this year !! nevermind , i 'll just have to get my pb at stratford -LRB- aka hippo 's b ` day mara ! -RRB- in may instead ! ps i totally agree that mr beckham was looking scrumptious on wednesday evening ... oh how i love him !! EMO_HAPPY
POS rowan - great time today , hogmonster you too mate - must have ran a similar course to me . gazza brilliant - i am in awe of you all . i am obviously on the wrong theread if i can only manage 3:54 for 20 so i will not bother you again and slip off to the sub 4 thread . but i will not give up and this race will not beat me . i will be back . thanks for the encouragement and good luck all
POS morning , . how are you ? it went really well ! weather was good , the support from the crowd was amazing for a half marathon . i ran 1:54 by my watch , so was quite pleased considering the fisrt 5 miles are all up hill !! on the whole felt good and was glad i entered , broke up the training , was a nice change and with the hills you could class it as a long training run i suppose . . how was your weekend , birthday celebrations go well ? training going well for both of you ?
NEU bagels . and more bagels .
POS london is like no other marathon , beleive me , you wont need any music to keep you going ... .
POS thanks mate . tough night tonight i am watching a tape of carry on camping its so funny updating club records and drinking my ovaltine . and catching all the running news . . nice session easy 7 tommorrow . i am a charlton athletic supporter and pround of it , apart from the painfull end of season usual fall apart .
POS hello guys and gals . i have a straight back now but must rest for two more days as a pulled a back ligament had caused the problem in the first place . light 2 or 3 miles saturday then easy 20 at the stroke run on sunday i hope . still 5 days of rest might help re charge the batteries for chasing t & t man at paddock wood in a weeks time ??? thanks for the support everyone
POS thanks fenn . decided to put something in there that was more inspiring for me ! i sprinted for the last 300 yards or so on sunday . in my head i had a big grin on my face but it does n't look like it from the photo . my son said that if i had that much left in me by the end i should have run at a faster pace throughout the race . he admitted that he might be wrong when i had stopped punching him .
POS always aching . we seem to be in the same boat . i was after 3:30 but also will be v. happy to get 3:40 and a new pb . but this bl ** dy cold better hurry up and shift . also got a new pair of shoes to wear in -LRB- mizuno elixir . . nice -RRB- . great running everybody not long to go before the taper
POS aber , that 's some kind of cross training you 've got going there , not sure my legs would take kindly to any high or long jumping . bfb & rob , good luck with the long runs , nice and steady does it and leave some good recovery days in the schedule afterwards . sb , sorry to hear you 've been ill , maybe a sensible decision to lower your horizons , hopefully you can enjoy the race with less pressure and still get that big new pb . nl , i 've been doing all my mid to long runs in some nimbus that mrs h bought me for christmas and i thought they were really heavy to start with , my marathon shoes will be mizuno precisions , mostly phsycological i know but they feel much ` faster ' !! last ` big ' speed session yesterday 8 x 800m fast off 90 secs jog recoveries , averaged 3:03 per rep , with a couple of warm up/warm down miles total just over 7 miles . last medium long midweek tonight 12 or 13 . keep well now everyone .
NEG >> fabric softener . ? i was told once to avoid using much conditioner -LRB- is that the same ? -RRB- with technical kit , because it reduces the wicking effect . could be wrong tho ' .
POS ox - excellent , well done . how do you know what colour start point we will be in on the 23rd ? is it to do with your expected completion time , your run number or some other method ?
NEU you can take the dlr greenwich to mudchute , -LRB- in the direction to bank -RRB- , the supporters stand almost within sight of the exit . you can plan your trips -LRB- or check on travel conditions -RRB- within the london transport system on
NEG gazza that 's sick !
POS bb - thanks for all the fabulous organisation . . i am intrigued - your vest in your photo ... is that from ` tough guy ' ?
POS hi sweetest , enjoy your run later . i went out yesterday , so might go tomorrow for a little one then 6 planned for sunday .
NEU mark1 !! noone asked me the lap dancing question !!
NEG sanps - hippo will copy and paste . do n't want the rfg guys to think i 'm bullying them .
NEU me ? only lurk -LRB- and occasionally post ! -RRB- here or scottish runners . or threads to do with ipods !
NEU nj - why is the green start , much sought after ? - tell me its a millionth of a second quicker ? . a clutching at straws ouchouch . looks like we will be running with a world champion in our midst on sunday , in last nights evening standard , james cracknell looks like he 's very much focused on sub 3 . pass me a bagel - good eating everyone .
POS hi all , . best of luck . i am getting so paranoid , someone nearly hit my car today , and i slipped over - what a nightmare ! am really excited . picking my number up on sat afternoon - bad time i know . tinkerbelle , i am staying at novotel waterloo as well on sat and sun with hubby -LRB- is n't running -RRB- and two friends -LRB- who are running -RRB- and their hubbies -LRB- who are n't -RRB- .
POS love that idea dn - let 's do it . ca n't do 7 june though - sorry oo .
NEU james now look here . you have just done a bloomin mara . cut yourself some slack . baldy -- you need a flat one darlin . and not crowded . abingdon ???????
POS how good to have a surprise hol jane . hope you had a lovely time . ph hope birthday was good . sorry it 's belated , but i seem to have missed it earlier . cinders - i think i will take your advice . i 'll pop into dusseldorf at the weekend and see if i can pick one up . good on you roobarb with the disgracing - has to be done every now and then ! hope everyone else is well . i 'm having a good day today and learning lots . also just been told that i wo n't be needing to pay for my lunches anymore as i will be getting them free from now on - hurray ! they have a fantastic canteen here with things like steak -LRB- cooked to perfection -RRB- , duck breast , stir frys , salad , all to a really good quality so i 'm not needing to do much cooking myself as i 'm having a really good feed up at midday . and now it 's free ! anyway must go - i have to write up all the things i learnt this morning before i forget them and can no longer ready my handwritting !
POS lw5 , flm06 was my first marathon and i could n't believe how exhausted how felt for weeks . i 'm gradually getting back in to my running now but if you 're struggling try introducing walk breaks as this will have a mental benefit as much as anything esle . if you 're running for , say , 5 minutes , stop and walk for one minute and then do the same again all the way to the end of your run . you can eliminate the walk breaks once you 've fully recovered or take less of them if you 've got used to the strategy and its advantages . at flm06 i walked for 1 minute at the end of each mile up to 20 so even towards the end i could still keep going by saying `` only 9ish more minutes until my next break '' - i ran without breaks after mile 20 . i recovered much quicker because of this strategy and i 'm still using it now . i ran 3 miles 3 days after flm , with walk breaks , of course ! give it a try and see if it helps . best of luck .
NEU pinks speed sessions are usually pretty much flat out bursts of up to 1/2mile 90-95 % hr . a tempo session is a more sustained speed session up to 1 1/2 hrs . these are done at about 85-90 % of maximum hr .
NEU jej - pbs by the dozen ... was the 1500 another slow-run race ? . dana - ah the kebab-shops of nottingham . i used to be an expert in em back in my student days ... but yeah i know what you mean - i think i 've been cranking it up a bit now that the clothes have come off . where 's your money for the cricket dan ? good morning session for england . . is it the first yately this wednesday ?
POS gd - just doing 13.1 m in this heat is an achievement . i got up really early to run my 12m , started really slow as legs felt a little heavy after yesterdays hill session , then picked up the pace a little , felt nice and easy , came home in 1:34 -LRB- av 7:50 -RRB- . started cool , ended very hot , took on almost 1.5 litres , and have been drinking ever since .
POS pugs . if your 18.09 was a pb then i would n't worry . you 're still getting faster , and you 're not injured .
POS tmr : . i agree with the not blasting off statement you made regarding xc races . in the local sunday league races , last season i blasted off with the leaders and by the end of the race was holding on . i then ran the bigger xc races such as the southerns -LRB- mike gratton will remember that one ! -RRB- and the nationals at parly hill . i started off very steady in these races , let my eager team mates shoot off in front , then spent the whole race , slowely picking off runners , in fact i overtook all my team mates and made up around 50-60 odd places and finished feeling pretty strong as well !
NEG just phoned to find out when my form would be posted out only to be told they had n't received my letter requesting one . same goes for the oh 's letter too . will get another letter off in the post tomorrow . just as well i checked though .
NEU sorry to read of so many with injuries . hope you 're able to get back to running soon . daisy d , if you have a question for mike grin then yes post it on here and i 'm sure he 'll answer it . :--RRB- . mike , out of interest are your schedules suitable for all levels of runner or do you need to have a background of a few years running at a reasonable mileage first ? i 'm planning to start your marathon schedule at the beginning of dec after a goal 10k race . would i be following exactly the same plan as last year and also should i expect to be starting from a slightly higher level and be seeing slightly faster paces on my steady and lt runs ? at present i 'm running steady paced runs at around 7.50 pace on a mildly undulating course .
NEU nothing gone from my account either . although a cheque for 40 which was highlighted yesterday is now not highlighted - i take it any transactions that should go out today would be highlighted now and there arnt any so that means nothing going out of my account today me thinks -LRB- why are my posts so complicated !? -RRB- . wonder if the flm organisors are sat in their offices reading this and laffin at us cos todays not the day anyway !
POS katepie . well done .
POS well done everyone for running today . i have ventured out today , but only so far as going to bingo !! am now 60 quid up so quite a productive sunday ! the goblins have left the premises now too , thankfully . . i got my flm rejection letter yesterday too , forgot to say . .
POS hippo . you did well today . how did your christmas shopping saturday go ?
POS ws : . happy birthday !!! now then did someone just mention birthday cake ???? laugh out loud
NEU thanks , glugg , where have you been?what are you up to ?
NEU ok - hydration . smut over . i used a large runner 's aid bottle -LRB- one with hole in the middle -RRB- for anything up to 12 miles . anything over , i use a small camelbak and a bum bag for gels .
NEG hiya hippo . she nearly set the house on fire with them once . she left them on and went asleep . where are you getting that extra extra extra large turkey from ?
POS happy new year everyone . the real training starts now ... well when i 'm over the massive hangover i have .
NEU ahhhhhhh . ive a mara on march 11th
POS cool cheers matie , i really need to get my back side in gear with my training plan
POS just popped in to say have a good weekend everyone - happy running !
NEU joe , that is how i fill , it is the frist glass after that did it for me last year , i did 13 miles on sunday and side after i have 15 weeks to go , not lone now ,
POS hi , mn EMO_HAPPY welcome ! stick around and see what you think . . when the thread started , not all that long ago , i 'd never done a sub-2hr half-marathon . hrr , i must confess that i 'm not drinking any more than usual . not because i 'm genetically half-cactus like the person who wrote the rambling letter to that effect in the current rw , but because my fluid intake is quite generous anyway and because i do n't sweat enormously . and before a long run , i carbo-load so well that there 's probably enough water bound up with the glycogen in my legs to keep me going . at this time of year i only take drinks on runs lasting over two-and-a-half hours . obviously it 's different in summer .
NEU hi dm/all . you are spot on about the club situ , i was with a club , now moved up to the hills and became slower , now that l run by myself . can l ask those people that are following a schedule , how comes they are doing so much milage above the weeks sessions.do they benifit from the extra milage ? / what sessions do they add it too and finally , have they put in their schedules befor and benefited from it all ? .
POS thanks bowi . how do i know if i have the seat at the right height ? when my leg is in the most extended position should it be completely straight or slightly bent ? also if i am doing it for cross training do i have low resistance and go faster or is it better to have higher resistance or is it just about doing a certain distance in a certain time ? i did 5 miles in 21 minutes .
POS a from e. wonderful ! best nights sleep ever-counting sheep.my uncle farmed sheep in the bowland area-i recall him counting in this way . lsr 15 miles then 10 mile race next week . gc dont worry about switching , as long as you get your lsr 's in during the training period , and do not overdo weekly milage !
NEU alroight bab ! i 'm a brummie who didnt get in flm , but have everything crossed for grn . praps flm 2008 so if ya dont moind oi 'll pop in from toime to toime to pick up some hints n tips .
POS evening all , . very impressed by everyones 's efforts . i did 16 mile lsr on sunday in just under 9mm 's and felt very comfortable which is a good sign . never run that far before so pretty happy with the progress . cant wait for the brighton hm in 2 weeks time ! anyone else doing this ?? bit sore after squash tonight . dont think i stretched enough . being a physio i should know better ! looking forward to the fun of the hills tommorow night ! cheers , . jules
POS sounds like a wonderful post marathon treat ! wonder if i could persuade the oh ? what are you guys going to do to celebrate ? my running club has a party on the night of marathon we have 22 out of 66 members running .
POS daz i just realised that your time is faster than what i did the brighton half in last year !!
POS cool if you 're a formula one fan ! . bowi what were you doing in nepal ?
POS ah good mokina . you have options . they shoukld be wooing you
POS good luck with all of the lsrs this weekend guys . as predicted i have done nothing this week but had a great conference - got some excellent results and had some real fun , but workload , late nights and booze have not helped to get me motivated to run . rugby at the weekend together with long drives down through west wales and then cardiff will mean no running till monday and then it gets cold ... but it will have to kick off whatever the weather . have a good time all .
NEU anyone doing cranleigh 21 or worthing 20 ?
POS here 's a bizarre thought . my mother just sent me a text , to say that my ` symptoms ' sound just like when my ` skinny and weak ' younger sister had anaemia - i 've tried nigh on everything else - look like a few irons pills and some guiness then . ws all the best . i 'm most impressed with your return to top form . eb - ive been advised that the best splits for mortals are 49.2 % and 50.8 % , so 1h 28m 30 ish for me .
NEG cinders . sorry i meant thanet 10 . just got a text from hippo , she is coming up to 20 miles .
POS welcome tallbird , sounds like some good running there and a good time coming into flm . you have some sound mileage behind you too . at , well done on completing the last lsr , sounds about as inspiring as mine , but it 's done and in the bank now - thank god !!! sb , welcome back , glad to see you 've returned to form quickly after your exams and rest . gc , many people have already covered the taper question . mine is planned as 24 , 16 & 10 -LRB- about 10 days out -RRB- which also includes a 10k race and speedwork on a weekly basis . ideally 3 weeks is good , but it can be done on 2 if you taper more sharply . . dfd , thanks for the taper article - a good read . not long til boston now ! keep of the grapes . cl , i would go for the 3 mile race , it will be a nice sharpener and you can use it as speedwork . i personally think higher mileage weeks are the key to a faster time , particularly when you 've reached a plateau like i have in my last 3 marathons . you seem to be doing just fine . ceal , well that 's just blxxdy fantastic !!! what a great time , i 'm so pleased for you , it must be a fantastic boost coming into flm too - all those great miles training and now this - yipee ! lor , welcome back , sounds like a good plan to me and you 're on target . lf , that sounds like a good idea - an easter bunny outfit - might be a bit hot at hamburg with it on though . i did n't have a good time at training on thurs night either on the track , so just kept it steady , felt crxp . beders , the canal run sounds great , what a different good company can make , wish i 'd come with you guys now , but there was no way i could 've made it time-wise . you were all flying along , sounds like you were doing cartwheels at the end . i found i felt stronger from 20 miles on too , hopefully it 's a good omen . hobble , sounds like tired legs and let 's face it , we are all bushed at this time in our training . do n't be too down about it , as you 've put in some great training times lately . ozzy , good to hear you are nearing a full recovery & you 're tootling along at 8 min miling again , which is n't that fast for you . text me and let me know if you 'll be there on friday , when you make a decision . clairster , well done on your lsr too , we all seemed to hate it apart from beders & co. i too ground to a big halt when the garmin bleeped at 24 miles , which i think was more mental than physical . i went home and slept for 1.5 hours after that , cold and lsr wiped me out . . nickm , catch up with you thurs as re-arranged for race on fri morning . let me know if you fancy doing 15-16 miler together at mp over same weekend . i also received a 20 voucher for `` up & running '' in the mail on sat , which was a nice surprise - a prize from last week 's ackworth hm .
NEU ta : . i hate to admit , it but i am too !!
POS susan . i estimated 4 hours in my original application and i 'm in pen 5 - so i guess that is where to go for . i think pen 4 might be the keen 3-40 types that we are not worthy of being associated with !! starting to get close - nervous and excited ! its shimmering heat on the course today -LRB- my office is just past the 19 mile mark ! -RRB- .
POS learning how to do the samba ! lol . night night xx
NEG dread to think what you might have found in your dish after 9pm !!!!!
NEU put your stats up anna
NEG i reckon it should say we should aim to run 7 % slower . me being a bit dense , i never adjust my plans , run at my normal pace & blow up at 18 miles . end up walking & lose half-hour .
POS i ran for jdrf which funds research into cures and causes of type 1 diabetes . a friend just popped in with some sponsorship money . she 's got two diabetic sons and is besides herself with gratitude for my efforts . she said if there was ever a cure they 'd sell the house and live in a caravan if it meant they could pay for treatment to cure their boys . feel quite emotional about it .
NEG i had to raise 2,000 for breakthrough breast cancer , but i was talking to someone during the race who only had to raise 950 . i forget which charity it was though . dark blue vest , but not anthony nolan .
POS how do you think you 'd do if you ran it kp ? can you see how you feel later in the week ? choc muffins sound yum !
NEU time for a quick totp before i head to the gym ?
NEU s-c - again , i will be following your training with progress as i am launching another attack on sub 3:15 myself a few weeks prior to your marathon . . the mhr test was self tested doing the session you suggest . the problem being that i find it hard to push myself hard enough running on a treadmill even with my friend standing next to me shouting encouragement . what are your hill sessions ?
NEG bowi i am with you about oldies trying to tell you waht they used to do . i qualified for a swimming teacher back in 1981 and a karate -LRB- shotokn -RRB- instructer in 1983 and a gym instructor in 198 4 but would not even think of telling people what to do as things have changes so much each year . how long ago was it that runners had never heard of gels etc .
POS just been checking out the two oceans website . 35 miles . one day . the same little voice that sat on my shoulder this time last year and whispered , `` sub 4.00 marathon '' is beginning to mutter at me , `` two oceans marathon '' . . most of the route 's wonderful . we 've spent two chunks of time in cape town and it 's beautiful round there . def some big lumps of rock around though -LRB- think table mountain etc -RRB- .
NEU sc i am sure you can calm this down again with a little common sense . little race news from me . 28.56 for 5miles today , i was a little flat today but this is still my first official time under 29mins . some way behind my 8km split at woodley but then i have been a little busy plodding and resting lately . EMO_HAPPY have a nice day
POS dot - i think it 's the same , but i do n't look back in races so have never seen his face . he generally beats ronnie o'sullivan , his local celeb rival in the essex scene . the results are up already . it seems that most people are 40 - 50 seconds down on last year . two members of coronium 's club who went sub 33 last year were about a minute up this time . the winner seemed to have a very good race for 32:44 . the guy closest to me -LRB- who beat me by 6 seconds -RRB- has bagged a couple of decent hms this year . nm2 - it 's a great site , set up by a club mate -LRB- hence the inclusion of my times from the days when 33:35 was more like my 5m time -RRB- . it gives a whole new angle of post race analysis - especially in xc where i can see how those around me compare on the roads .
POS hi nicky , good to hear from you . hope you get better soon . and rio , hope the foot is improving after ice and rest - what bad timing ! debs - do you get rw mag ? if yes there was a separate flyer in it about a 10k in sept in epping forest which looks good . have you ever run there ? i never have as i would n't like to go there on my own -LRB- and i guess i do n't like mud very much either ! -RRB- but i 'm v tempted . if you do n't get it go to and click on puma urban escape .
NEU although vb i think bucks/oxon tends to be a bit more affluent that delightful romford , so you may find we 're a bit cheaper than in your neck of the woods !
NEU ah now . i wear shorty shock absorber shorts for massage therapy . what did physio say ts ?
POS sorry guys gagging to tell you , but want to leave it to nearer the date for reasons that will become apparent when i spill the beans . i fly out a couple of days before the race , so i 'll certainly let you know before i take off . jej i think i 've got a good chance if there is n't too much wind , and the course is n't too hilly . i expecct to hit the start line a couple of pounds heavier than for flm07 , but should be about the same weight as when i ran abingdon last year . my main worry is cramp , but i have a cunning plan in place to avoid that , courtesy of my triple iron man clubmate . he acted as a pacemaker at abingdon , and watched me suffer on the way round . i 'll be taking what he takes to stop it . hopefully it should work . 7.30 pm ?!!!!!! not confirming anything .
POS jej i ' l go 16:05 ... tipptop -LSB- / b -LSB- i 'm racing the burtonwood 5 miler tomorrow . . just a steady 5:40 -5:45 m/m i reckon . . will do me ... lovely weather out there for a 14.2 miler ;--RRB- . pug
POS oh my god a girl pops out for a little retail therapy and you guys gossip like crazy ! sorry rio if i 've missed you but good luck for the weekend - will keep checking tv listings . gatton i 've already wished you well for your physio appointment . i 'm in for the half but am confused whether it 's mk or brighton ? sm where 's your picture ???? daz are you practising being bashful by removing yours ? what 's going on ? vb you have to ditch the cow print knickers pleaze !
POS rio - congratulations again - you truly are amazing . ca n't believe that you 're even contemplating going out tonight ! gatton take it easy on wednesday !
POS had my flm entry form through the other day and have now sent it off EMO_HAPPY
POS lf , congrats on your new job , once you 've been sat at a desk for a few hours , you 'll be bursting with energy and itching to get your trainers back on . great run at a cracking pace , the previous run was obviously your body having an ` easy day ' but i often feel like that . euph , yes , looking forward to selby hm , but have another long run -LRB- around 12-13 miles -RRB- to get in on friday , then i 'll start looking towards the taper next week , with some strides and shorter sessions . i 'm hoping it wo n't be too windy , unlike today , when i 've almost been blown off my feet . where is haltemprice btw ? was looking at your list of 10k races , as trying to find a good 10k course . ceal , thanks for your comments , now that it 's getting towards the xc season , i 'm having to look a bit harder for 10k on the road with a good course , hopefully i 'll find one soon , as do n't have one planned at the moment . dfd , the mental images which your post conjured up were just mad , you take it easy on those step ladders and running to school - do n't want any non-running induced injuries on the thread ! could you please impart some of your mental pre-race strategies , as i 'm really interested . eddie , welcome back , you 've been very quiet over the summer and will no probably steam in with a marathon pb at leicester . ozy , great run last night and it 's even better when you 've run that far - you feel justified in eating as much food as you like , well done . clairster , that sounds like an excellent session , which turns out to be even better when you 've run at a pace like that and did n't even realise it . ls , now you know you can achieve anything , no barriers , no mental obstacles , sub 1.40 awaits in your next hm . have you got a garmin ? stick to the pace like glue if you have . did a pretty hard session on the track last night with the club , which was 16 x 1 min efforts , with a decreasing recovery , so first rest period was 45 seconds , then 30 , then 15 , then 1 min , repeated 4 times . just when we thought we 'd finished , we had 500m jog recovery , then ran 1000m , which i did n't do at full pelt , as would probably have crocked myself , but still managed 3.57 , which was n't too bad at the end of a work-out . today is windy as hell here , the trees are bending in half . i think wind is one thing i hate the most as a runner . rain , snow , sun , etc i can cope with , but wind is very energy-sapping , the only thing worse is when it 's combined with rain or snow . 4 miles at lunchtime at a fairly steady pace . plenty of races at the weekend , with the biggies including gnr & berlin marathon .
POS tt . la rochelle is indeed -LRB- allegedly -RRB- a flat course . its a 2 lapper , which i know not everyone likes , but i 'm happy to give it a go - looks a bit fiddly at times round the old port though . its been won in a 2:11 -LRB- men -RRB- and 2:37 -LRB- women -RRB- in recent years . be a nice weekend away if nothing else !
NEG wish it was school ts , then she would n't be able to upset him so much ! tracey , do n't scare me with things like that ! i 'm still trying to have a little one !!!
POS or your previous times , flu making me slow ... . have a good birthday cg , husband already bought present he 's worth keeping EMO_HAPPY
POS wahey bowi !
POS 3.37.50 !!!!!! EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY . how proud am !?
POS evening all ! nowt to report , just popping in to say hello . . did a really good weights session a the gym today but i 'm shattered from it now ! . ts , glad to hear he got the right verdict , just sorry you had to deal with it all .
POS i do like a good debate and it looks like i 've missed a few good ones on here today . i 've got a new run plan i 'm moving into , moving things on from 4 to 5 runs per week in the next month . most of my mileage on weeknights is with club due to increased work hours , so i 'm going to take advantage this winter by doing as many miles at the weekend as i can . tuesday -- club night -- as with ppb 's varies but with slower talking pace at the start culminating in hard surges at the end . a few regroup stops so i consider this an easy session . wednesday - short , easy . the run i 'm most likely to dump . . thursday -- club speedwork , tempo run or fartlek with the fast group . if not the club then i 'll do tempo or intervals . saturday -- at this time of year this is my ` have some fun run ' . one of only two weekly opporutunities to run in the light . trail , hills , maybe both , but not too hard . sunday -- when i 'm not racing this is lsr day . in marathon training last time i was anywhere between 20 miles early on to 50 later in my plan - tended to bounce between 35-45 as would only do a 15m + lsr once every two weeks . my average for the last two complete months before marathon month was 160 , so roughly averaging 40 mpw . i 've never run monthly mileage that high before or since . i think i needed to run 20m in a run and then get another 20 in through marathon-paced or other sessions each week . its what i needed to run a good marathon at windermere . i also went out my way to run hilly routes which built my confidence for tackling an undulating/hilly marathon . do the same for flm and you 'll be quids in as you 'll have energy to burn on the long flats of the flm . this time i want to do more , i 've planning to hit average 30 + mpw by december , and 40 by mid january . my plans involve over marathon length races so i may try and push on beyond 50mpw on occasions . like nick i 'll ramp down a week occasionally . nick - glad you enjoyed -LRB- endured ? -RRB- bishop wilton , if anybody ever tells you east yorks is flat you can now force-feed them their empty-words EMO_HAPPY . that hill to the east of bishop wilton is mean , as mean as the one at gf10 but without paving to get grip from ! that was the significant hill at our xc there - i also found a few boggy bits . oddly the rest of the course was easier than this weeks at drewton woods nearer hull , but that one hill took enough out of everyone to make the rest of the course a painful affair . bounding back down it at the end was n't fun either , the sort of steep , bumpy , uneven descent only beders could enjoy ;--RRB-
POS ah - great news re . paris , just need to get your hip sorted out now . at present i plan to do all 3 marathons -LRB- i have done 2 in a month before and felt ok -RRB- - friend did london and stratford last year and he is in his 60s and he managed 4:20 and 3:57 . he ran london with his son and because it was a training run and no pressure , he really enjoyed it . my plan is to treat two of them as training runs and one as a serious pb attempt . on the basis i am not a paula and doubt that i will be digging deep into my last reserves in any of the runs i should be able to recover easily enough -LRB- who am i kidding -RRB- - plodding hippo does them all the time so why not - aim is to get up to 10 and then retire . didds - sorry to hear about your ankle .
NEU jc ... if you have 70 members you should be getting two club places ! . up to 50 is 1 place then a place for every 50 thereafter , ie 51 = 2 places , 101 = 3 places .
POS i 'd like to vote for mouse as i know she is a determined creature and she would love to go sub 5 hours . i feel certain she would value the training and it would inspire her to beat her mara pb .
NEU how about the andrex toilet roll london marathon , or would that make me seem like a low bum ??
POS lol , not a dirty word here today , mr c is currently doing some hoovering EMO_HAPPY i 'm half waving a duster around !
POS . i have a glass of red in my hand but only because we have a bottle thats been open a bit too long for cooking EMO_HAPPY the majority of the time i 'll drink nothing at all , this must be my first drink since new year , and even then i only had one glass of champers and one bottle of beer . . also welcome silver fox ! wish i could do 7 miles at 10-minute mile ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU the short sighted desperate ones that live round my way ! once it gets warm and the training layers come off , i get mobbed by em , i bet they 're already looking forward to spring time .
NEG i would n't be so presumptious gatton !
NEG week seven day three wednesday . my schedule says 7m -LRB- approx 56 mins -RRB- steady . my timex says 7m in 56 . 40 ... it did n't feel steady on the tready EMO_HAPPY as i said earlier i tried to focus on ' running tall ' and keeping my trunk stretched . the pain in my butt ock diminished quickly and i tried to stare at one particular point on the wall in front of me and ran towards it ... i kept my form for about 6m but the last mile was a real struggle and i could n't keep the right body shape . but i got there . splits all around the 8m mark apart from the first and last ... i can feel the pain in my butt ock again now and i know that no matter how i sit it 's going to hurt to stand up , but once i 'm in motion again it gets better . in the morning i 'm going to play around with the seat in my car because i suspect the settings have been changed whilst it 's been repaired and then serviced during the past fortnight . i 've never understood why people who work on cars never ever return the seat to the position they found it in when they got in . . it 's one of my soapbox topics ! grrrrr . . EMO_HAPPY . i have a new problem . . on monday night during the hills i clipped a kerb with my right foot and almost fell over . i think i must have jarred my big toe because i woke up last night and it was throbb ing and it 's doing it again now . it 's a funny colour too . after the miami marathon which trin and i did last january this particular big toe went a funny colour and the nail died . . and in fact it took about 48 weeks to fully grow back again . the last time that happened to me was after i broke a big toe but i do n't think i did that in miami . but it 's not happy at all at the moment . . EMO_HAPPY . i had planned to run 5m tomorrow , this being the run i did n't do last saturday when i brought this week 's runs forward by 24hrs . however in the light of my currrent aches and pains , and because i have no idea when i 'm going to get home tomorrow evening , i 'm going to take tomorrow as a rest day and have 2 days off in a row . steve mc i hope this is ok ?
NEG oh to get back to doing 18 miles ... EMO_HAPPY
POS gatton we will have bags of confidence after oakley !! thinking we might need some sustinence along the way - is it peanut butter sanis you like ? can arrange for something at mile 10 or thereabouts and then the same spot on the second smaller loop .
NEU i dont feel much quicker when i run without the weight at the moment pq . though maybe my tri training and some concentrated speedwork will help . would like to go sub 2 for that one !
POS well , well , well ... been affy busy at work , but sneaking a peak at evryone ' s exploits over the weekend it looks like the thread is really rocking . big welcome to the new folks . . as the saying goes ` you do n't have to be mad to post on here , but it helps EMO_HAPPY -RRB- . beders , that sounded like a really tough run on saturday . no wonder your legs were knackered afterwards . a few days in the sun will help no doubt ;--RRB- . well done on getting the 16 miler nailed crazy lady , the wind is a toughener is n't it ? not to mention a pain in the arse ! wow , little stoker , 3:20 on your feet , brilliant stuff and quite rightly a massive confidence booster . . i absolutely loved your reports of the trollers race clairster/euph . it brings back thoughts of the osmotherley phoenix , which was such a blast last year . brilliant running by both of yu too . so glad you had a great run clairster , you deserve that after -LRB- by your standards -RRB- a bit of an indifferent start to the year . onwards and upwards ! congrats to the chelsea plodder family for a very productive outing on sunday . moggie - wey-hey ... absolutely stonking performance . did you win a prize with that time ?? i think we all probably understand about running the race in your mind . . definitely more than half the battle imho . a great great run , and probably a thread record too . good to hear from you left foot , and sounds like there is more in the tank despite running a fast half . bodes well for your luxembourg marathon . night nurse -LRB- fanfare of trumpets -RRB- ...
POS jd & rfj - good luck for east hull 20 tomorrow . drk - happy birthday - retirement , that sounds good . am heading for a career break myself , hoping to take a year to 18 months off to spend loads of time with family -LRB- been working away for 5 years -RRB- and put fulfill a few ambitions . i finish mid may and ca n't wait . thinking of triathlon for next challenge as will have the time for more training . lorenzo - sounds like a good race , bet you feelt great passing others in second half . must learn how to do that in the last 6 miles of a marathon - any tips ? 7.5 miles for me this morning with a few sprints mixed in , ready for a long one in the morning .
POS well done everyone on their long runs ! great to hear they are going well . i did mine yesterday - 18.75 miles in 3hrs 20 so pleased with that , and also the longest ever run before but knee is aching a bit so i need to take it easy again this week . wondering if i could have a bit of advice from steve if possible ? i 'm due to do the bath half at the weekend , though the schedule says 18m - should i go for a few miles before / after and do it at slow pace / marathon pace depending on how i 'm feeling , or should i be happy just doing the 1/2 ? i 'm not going to go all out again as doing that in the berkhamsted 1/2 meant i had trouble running properly all week with very heavy legs . thanks very much !
POS bootsie - have a nice weekend . ts - hope you get your leg sorted . i am hoping to see you at beachy head this year .
NEU aah that looks more like ... ... it wind and rain . time for my run !
NEG bootsie , . do n't worry about missing training this late on unless it is because of a medical problem - sorry ankles will clear up and most training now is topping off and contributes to only a small % of your fitness compared to what you have accumulated so far in the bulk of your work .
POS tl any more details on skye half ? when in june ? mrs puffy would love it , but i have a colleague who is going on holiday in june and may not be able to get time off . she is a mcrae ... -LRB- but born in hythe , near where shimmy lives i think ? -RRB- .
POS dot - good summary . good to see everyone getting excited/nervous about the approaching big day & hellip ; its what all the early mornings , running in sleet etc & hellip ; is about -- and hopefully it will worthwhile for everyone . i am trying a different approach to tapering this year , basically less of it . last 21 miler tomorrow to make up 81miles for the week . i intend to do around 65 miles next week -LRB- with all out 10k on the saturday + a very slow 12 miler on the sunday -RRB- . then drop to 26 miles for the following week -LRB- including 2 rest days and a 12x400 blast on the tuesday -RRB- . this is a result of finding the running a lot easier this year & hellip ; probably because i have run , and got used to putting in , a lot more slower miles -LRB- i.e. 7.30 / 8.00 mm -RRB- . it might be wrong but will see how it goes on the 13/4 .
NEG good lord ! how on earth did people ever manage before gps was invented ! you use the mile markers and a wristwatch !
NEU metcheck has changed already !!! no rain and temp feel like 3 to 7 % , winds of 8 -13 mph
POS umb + wishful - i was in pen 5 last year so yes i think it is the 3.45 - 4.00 pen . i will put in pen 4 i think -LRB- 3.30 - 3.45 -RRB- as original target all those many moons ago was sub-3 .45 this year !!!!!! hahahaha ... i am currently thinking of starting in about pen 7 , but do n't know anyone else starting in there ! : -LRB- sub 5-hr friend is in 9 . . am tempted but ca n't decide if it would be far too depressing to start right at the back !! umb - you are welcome to borrow my tutu to try on at the start if you like - sounds like you want to ;--RRB- might suit you more than you think ! ca n't wait to hear how susan 's trial run in tutu went !!!!!!!
POS you 're very welcome debster . . if my machine fails to record as instructed i 'll be round to yours to catch up !! have a great run tomorrow . . see you in t ` pub :-p . right then . . i 'm off . thank you everyone for all your support -LRB- i 'm wearing it as i type of course -RRB- throughout this adventure . . all of us following this schedule would have been lost without it ... it 's been great fun and i am sooooooooo looking forward to tomorrow . . to everyone who 's running and spectating . . safe journeys . . stay relaxed . . do n't let the small things get to you . . smile and relax . . enjoy tomorrow and may good fortune follow each and every one of us on our journey tomorrow ... see you tomorrow evening . .
POS well done sezz - fantastic report - well done you xx
NEG rob , on another site someone asked who ` the nutter from blackheath who led the race was ' , seeing the state jamie was in when i passed him at about 19 miles i assumed it was him !
NEG people who have multiple partial entries , i would n't worry too much . if you read the pages you would have seen that multiple entries will make all void unless due to technical problems . if you 've got two entries where you 've filled in all details including payments , and got confirmations for both , then worry . if you 've only gone part way through before it crashed then i should think you 'll get sorted in the end , even if it 's a pain . i guess in such cases they 'll automatically delete entries with only partial information . they are not going to count an entry without payment details are they ? . someone asked if they were registered if they were getting a message that their email had been used for a registration . my guess is if you did n't get past that page probably not -LRB- or at least only a partial , see above -RRB- . it 's possible they are using cookies : little files that say you 've visited a page that are stored on your computer . if so in some cases people could be getting this message but flm has no record on their system of your visit : it 's all on yours . personally as i 've got a confirmation from worldpay i reckon i 've got some proof , and i 'm letting things die down a bit before i get onto them . i think if i had not got either email and i had n't got to the payment stage then i 'd probably try again , and sort out multiples later if it came to that . but without definitive advice from flm i guess everyone needs to make their own mind up what 's best to do for them .
NEU i did n't have my name on my shirt . a pity now , as i did n't realise how much shouting there would be . the mp3 players one is a difficult one . i can understand people wearing them . some people may have the music they need to get them through a hard session . i suppose its habits and whatever makes you feel comfortable . . there are quite a few marathons in america where they are banned though . interesing topic of discussion .
POS clairster , goes pretty high eh ?
NEG ah , back in the day i was one of the strange people in camden with my bright red extensions and many rings in my ears/lip/nose . i can imagine the frubes there running around asking lots of embarassing questions .
NEU jools , . ok you 're the boss , i 'll be quiet . i just wonder about 10ks and intervals when you 're rehabbing . just been for a hammer on thr bike , round some lanes . it 's a fair effort to average 20 mph esp with that long cllmb out of portsmouth .
NEG sue , i was going to pop it round . sorry to leave you to last . anyone else who is not on the list if you mail me -LRB- or have mailed me -RRB- i will double check and confirm with you whether it has been sent or whether i have still got you to do .
POS evening all . fantastic run for me tonight with the club - mostly off road with a few tough hills but managed 7.5 miles at 7.59 pace so really pleased . especially as legs still feel quite tired from the weekend . at least 3 people commented on the speed i ran - ` someone had their weetabix this morning ' etc EMO_HAPPY . hrr - before paris i had plans a -LRB- the very unrealistic by that stage sub-3 .45 -RRB- b -LRB- sub-3 .50 , also unrealistic -RRB- , c -LRB- sub-3 .55 -RRB- , d -LRB- a pb -RRB- and <u> e </u> -LRB- sub-4 .00 -RRB- ! so i completely understand . i was telling a guy from the paris forum about how many fallback plans i had the day before and he thought i was ridiculous , said ` what 's the different between 3.50 and 3.55 ? ' etc , but i know there 's a huge difference - in my crazed mind anyway !! even though sub-3 .55 does n't ` mean ' anything , i would have liked to have got closer to 3.50 than 4.00 . i knew it was silly ! it was strange , i simply could n't keep up 3.55 pace at paris , and yet at london i 'm pretty sure i ran 3.50 pace until well after 20 miles ! sorry to start babble about myself , strange how thinking about edinburgh has been making me reflect about paris/london so much . have come to lots of conclusions about both but wo n't bore you with them . . will absolutely totally be rooting for you all on sunday . remember all your best mantras and mental tricks everyone and run like the wind - with the wind ! . ah - i do n't remember the wind bothering me that much last year - i was just too busy being grateful that it was n't hot like london . do remember a small stretch along the coast when it was worse than other times but nothing too bad , really . . by the way , i know i mentioned i had been perusing the abingdon website recently , but i just realised i am doing cardiff half that day so no worries about getting tempted now - phew !
POS thanks tu-tu . fantastic running from all 3 cant wait for the stories , awful weather here hope they had it a bit better
POS diana - its 18 weeks til 4 to go - i just wanted to get going early to get some extra training and long runs in EMO_HAPPY . i <u> am </u> going to pb at this one by <u> a lot </u> EMO_HAPPY
POS tr . judging by marathon recover you must have worked 3 times as hard as me . nice
NEG damn it pp you beat me on the time and hr stats , thought i would have won on that one . .
NEU rb - fat and slow ! i just feel slow . well done coro . brian - get closer to the kerb then ! i did a 5k road race a few years back and squeeked under 18:00 - i remember my legs groaning at the pace though . do n't think i 'll be doing another . i 've only done 4 races in the past 18 months !
POS nts - i know i should n't laugh but that is a very funny story . i hope you are ok . passing out is a serious issue -LRB- that goes for padams as well -RRB- , take it easy . the only time i have ever come close to fainting was while i was in the operating theatre with mrsc while she was having a c-section . tt - 31m , wtf . it sounds like you are ultra material . marigold - sorry to hear about your continued problems . i hope you get back to 100 % asap and get a few more wins . bej - wow , that is some serious mileage . 8m ` steady ' @ 5:56 m/m today . still got a bit of a niggle with my thigh . currently in toulouse where it is very hot/humid , but hope to get out for a few miles early tomorrow .
NEU so what 's the cut off time ? do they have cut off times for each leg as well ?
POS nice one jools . as has been said you can only beat what is there on the day . echo jap 's comments . few beers and bbq to re-dress the balance this evening . certainly nice about the cooler conditions . got lost across wimbledon common meant only did the 18 and not the 20 i was hoping for . ccnba to add them at the end . . bej - 80 % @ 5.36 is pretty nice . usual run from coro !
POS ah - we fly back tomorrow -LRB- and yes , i might pop along to the club night on tuesday to see about joining -RRB- . it 's been a nice long break but it 'll also be nice to be back home . i might also get to see more of the gb olympic competitors , as they wo n't be featured so much here -LRB- although fortunately they showed the women 's cycle road race so i saw all the 2nd half of it -RRB- . looking forward to watching sailing , rowing and the marathon , plus the odd other highlight .
POS morning all , . i seem to be squeak-free now so ` hey ho , hey , it 's off to w * rk i go ' . have a good one .
NEU morning .
NEU tt - cheeky EMO_HAPPY
POS i thought i might , yes . i have pink cowboy boots !
NEG not so carp as more crap . . suggestion , however not so crap as it might be the perfect weekend will look it up . . umbongo the great - sign up now if you sign up before sunday night i think it is its only 55 euros if you wait after that it gets more and more expensive - tutu can have the tutu in the post to you in no time ...
POS great reports dids/marders/bej . . bej - saw from the splits that you had slowed towards the end , so something had happened . plenty more to come off come april . tom/brian - well done on the races . nts - glad you 've decided on sticking with it . you 're 2 line comment has decided my next 6 months . although i will be adding a bit of swim/bike into the mix tr style but with more running . . cheers . tell pug to put his rattle back in the pram , his hand out of the cookie jar and start training
POS brief running history : started 6 years ago when i became a london cabbie just for a bit of exercise.entered my first race 18mnths ago and have been steadily improving with each race , am nearly 41 and have just clocked 34:31 for a 10k on a rain soaked muddy surface so there is definately more to come.my best half marathon is 1:19 , that was in march but i should be a lot fitter now , i train 6 days a week , about 50 miles and have always used runners world schedules and pace calculators which have been spot on so far . my predicted marathon time is 2:38 which is probably quicker than my cab !! i currently weigh about 8st 7lb so im looking more like a kenyan by the day !! it would be great to run london i 've heard so much about it from other runners , so good luck to everyone who enters this competition .
NEG ah tarkers , i fear you are exhibiting a lack of charity and tolerance there . try running past a football stadium on match day and you will be dodging past fat , pie-eating groups of lads . but , you ca n't complain . it means all the bigotted , over-aggressive oiks in one place , letting off steam on each other rather than their families and other innocents . . or , 11am sunday morning past your local church is going to be frustrated by tottering old biddies trying to get into the lord 's good books before it 's too late . again , can you really begrudge this last desperate act ? they 've paid their taxes and fought wars for us . and now ... in credit-crunch uk , the last thing we want is that those with the good fortune to have the means at their disposal to stop spending . yes , quentin 's new iphone -LRB- undeserving little brat though he may be -RRB- means a shop assistant keeping his job , means the sandwich shop he buys his butty from stays open , means the shopkeeper can afford to buy a new house , means that you do n't fall further into negative equity ... yes , tarkers , those people you curse are saving you the worry and stress that could send you to an early grave ... please be a little more thankful in future .
POS no snow here in wet hampshire ... . a rare treat at club tonight , i got there , and it was a track session another rarity for me . . so 6m in total with 4 x 800m -LRB- 2:49 , 2:51 , 2:56 , 2:56 -RRB- , very pleased with that set as first time ever of getting a set under 3 mins ... busy weekend with races , hants xc 9k on sat and victory 5m on sun . take care all and keep up the good trg .
NEU hi meg . how has your training gone over the christmas period ? . sue .
POS congrats to the pug clan ! no wonder you have n't posted much recently . well done to the xc racers . did n't realise there were lots of county champs today . ours is next weekend . done a bit today - 5m easy in the morning , immediately followed by 45 minutes of tennis . then 8m this afternoon with 4.5 m at what gobi would call tempo lite -LRB- 5:36 pace -RRB- . bac boys - unless one of you tells me otherwise i 'll be at the ferry just before 9am tomorrow !
POS bootsie - if you have an ear infection you should not be thinking about running at the weekend . just go for a nice romantic walk with your boyfriend , after all it is his christmas present .
NEU ive alway use to be a whipper snapper at the short stuff ... in the day i was capable of a sub 5 min mile ! oh how i wish i didnt give up for a few years !!
NEG oops ! typo -LRB- meant 2007 and 2008 -RRB- ... , or was it . maybe i did run it twice - a guy did so at hastings mara in december .
POS dad of two wrote . hmmm , so the height / weight thing is still going eh ? well , i 'm 5 ' 10 ' and currently 11st 8lb . racing weight last couple of years has been around the 11st mark give or take a lb . i 'm happy with that , and feel a lot stronger and healthier than i did 20 yrs ago when i had a cycle-racing weight of about 9st 4lb -LRB- and i have n't got any taller in the meantime ! -RRB- . i pretty much eat what i want to , and the same with drinking -LRB- i like a snifter now and then , but i 'm not what some would call a big drinker . -RRB- . point is for me that i run to feel good - generally speaking if i run faster i feel better , but if i start to feel that i 'm losing all-round strength or that the end -LRB- feeling good -RRB- is being overtaken by the means -LRB- running faster or losing weight -RRB- then alarm bells start ringing in my head . '' . well we all know my opinion on weight so i 'm not going to dig that lot up again , all i know is , i 'll be running so much quicker it 's untrue when this weight is off . my lungs and legs do n't actually feel too bad considering the lack of training . . but when you 've got 31lbs of flab to lose , that 's alot of minutes for free . doing 3 weight sessions per week , nothing to build any muscle this time around , just for strength and definition as the weight piles off . . actually , tonight is shoulders/arms followed by an 8 miler down the club . . now where 's my lettice leaf ? cheers pug EMO_HAPPY
POS laugh out loud dot :--RRB- . dids , oh well at least we can get use to a marathon season of you predicting world records or injuries to everyone . . nothing like keeping it positive : -0 . run well dan
NEU hi pauline . can you help ? i 'm currently doing my long runs at 8.50 pace and have built up to 18 miles . i 'm a marathon first - timer and hope to get as close to 3.30 as i possibly can . but i 'm worried that to get even close to 3.30 i will need to run faster , and for longer , than any of my training runs . which i ca n't get my head around ! should i be doing some of my long runs faster ? . hope you can reply , many thanks . ci
POS well done pavey and sarah ... brilliant running ... you guys are great ... total respect ... rest up for a few days you deserve it . . big time ! legends ...
NEU wonder how they are doing - or have done ?
NEU hi steve , my trainers have done 5-6 hundred miles will it be ok to wear new ones and do you think this might eliminate some of the problems ? fl i 'm not sure what this problem is - it 's hard to say , but i , ll be trying my best to get over it . not sure about running 3 times whilst injured , although i 've had similar type of problem after some marathons in the past -LRB- but i 've always put that down to giving my all during the run -RRB- . i was n't right for new york and should in hindsight have pulled out - but if you go all that way - then you got to run !
NEU barley , . please do n't assign me to a particular group as i wo n't be at mudchute the whole time and will be a roving ff supporter . thanks .
POS fantastic news lo60 you must be so pleased on so many levels . you are a great advert for running we all knew it was the running that kept your hr so low .
POS just a wee quick message ... much to do ! well done and great run - you looked fresh and full of energy at the finish meg ! a great time ... . take care sho x EMO_HAPPY
NEU those in bold are accounted for <u> runners . </u> broken bones . emily54321 . funkin . gemma -LRB- blonde bird -RRB- and luci -LRB- running together -RRB- . hess . jenni anderson -LRB- runjennirun -RRB- . jpenno . long tall sally . luci -LRB- running with blonde bird -RRB- . seren2 . triciahirst . wabo . tonka boy . tinkerbelle . sandi . claudia hitner . freemers
POS hi all , . officially tapering now , did my 20 miles today and feeling very confident and happy . been injured for last 4 weeks and managed to complete it with no niggles . anyone fancy opening a couple of bottles of fizz now ??? cheers ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU i 'm a bit worried about you lot ! you 're discussing running and the acshual race EMO_HAPPY group 7 have moved on from yesterdays discussion on marmite and why the b pings off my laptop to who needs a good spanking with my hairbursh and podds ' greyhound . not spanked with the greyhound . . . have we got the wrong idea ? ;--RRB-
NEU p.s. and yeah if a man who has only recently re-learned to walk can complete the marathon , i 've really got nothing to complain about !
POS hope you have a lovely easter too mrs s. have a good break from work . morning 7es . hope you 're all well .
POS well done marmite . what kind of structure have you got to your training at the moment ? well raced br and hilly . hh - good decision to call it if you were struggling , but i 'm a bit confused . you say you want to do 32 in a few weeks time , so as i can see it , your rep paces were pretty much spot on ? your rep times to race pace work out as 2000m = 31:55 / 10k , 1200m = 15:37 / 5k , 800m = 8:45 / 3k & 400m = 4:04 / 1500m . that to me looks about what you should be doing , rather than too fast , or have i missed something ? do n't forget it was quite warm y ` day as well , so that would have contributed to this feeling harder on top of the track session the day before . tr - hope the run went well . chin up . there 's still another 10 days . have you gotten it checked out ? try taking some calcium and magnesium supplements . they may help with the spasming . seriously . wtgy - well done on 3rd . laugh out loud @ ` was trying to remember what proper runners do to drop people ' - and what are you then if not a proper runner ? coro - i wore the adizero 's for the tt again yesterday . i think they are now my new favourite shoe . they just seem more conducive to faster running . they 're a little harder than the streaks , but that seems to suit me a bit better for faster stuff ... . legs were a little heavy this morning -LRB- unsurprising after fartlek on tuesday and a tt yesterday -RRB- , so with a 2 hour run coming up this pm i kept my recovery even more gentle than usual . as rb is not around to do his pace police bit , 6m @ 7:48 m/m . i think that is the slowest i 've run , outside of a cool-down all year ... i 'm starting to enjoy my little jogs as my second runs though .
NEU are you resting claire ??
NEU text run to 83040 . i think you get a return text with a link to a website where you put in the race number .
POS rat - do n't worry , everybody 's the same . this week i 've been having niggly niggles in just about every part of my body , and only today did i walk out of the house and feel that , yes , maybe my legs were , in fact , getting the benefits of the taper and starting to feel good and strong . by friday you 'll be bursting with energy and feeling 110 % fit . go for the massage by all means , but tell them it 's with the flm in mind .
POS great pics to nam . been thinking about tri for a while now but just cant get on with the swin front crawl last a couple of lenghts 20m pool and breaststroke takes about a hour for a mile dread to think about open water
NEU engrose - not sure you should follow the menu too closely . . i 'm not sure that i 'll be eating a dry baked potato or a tin of fruit . right up for the ice cream though . it said 4 scoops of ben & jerry 's , yes ? '' . wotsit , i think i have been looking at a different menu !!! no surprise there though ! EMO_HAPPY . is anyone else really hungry all the time since tapering off ? no ones food is safe in my office ... god forbid if they take a pause while eating !!! i look hopefully in their direction in case there is any food going !! EMO_HAPPY
NEG i feel your pain livvy
POS hurrah ! i 've entered . oh damn . sorry , i meant that a ` friend of mine ' has entered , that 's what i meant , coz ` i 'm never doing a marathon again ever ' . . you have n't seen me here , right . EMO_HAPPY
NEG artful hen wrote . god , do n't i ramble on ? please do n't answer that . '' . < diplomatic silence > . < / diplomatic silence >
POS just as well kirsty has a job . the price of petrol to go up for that interview and back is not cheap . lyndy - good luck with your run this weekend . it is lovely weather for running .
NEU need some help and advice , please . have developed a ` pressure sore ' on my heel , at the top of the back of my shoe . what 's the best or quickest way to heal this ? i 've been running in these shoes for about two weeks and they seem fine , had n't given any sign of rubbing or problems . it was when i walked 5 miles in them that the agravation occurred , it was meant to be a sneaky way of getting the kids some exercise by walking them to their grandparents before running back for the car . i seem to have developed a habit for picking up injuries from non-running activities . any suggestions for a quick cure ? thanks .
NEU my oh has got in four entries in a row -LRB- although there were gaps between entries -RRB- .
POS jools , taper for edinburgh starts tomorrow , so 13 easy -LRB- ish -RRB- days now , unless i get carried away at wokingham next sun . mtr , good work on the 15 , particularly if it was in the rain i just about managed to avoid . that did not look much fun . br/hilly , now that sounds like a lovely run this morning . all the best for weds br . looking forward to hilly 's 100m race report . bang and there was the line , should cover it .
POS my god , the telly this evening must have been even more dull than usual , matt ! for what it 's worth i ran a 3 minute positive split , so perhaps 1.27 or thereabouts on a warm day is on the money . who knows . anyhow , in an effort to add a little more life and excitement into the thread , i present my hogweed trot race report . target was 40.15 . 40.26 was the score on the doors and either my pacing was abysmal , their mile markers were out or the wind and -LRB- from about mile 4 onwards -RRB- heavy rain had more of an effect than i realised . or two or more/all of the above . anyway , fwiw , splits were 6.22 , 6.47 , 6.17 , 6.40 , 6.14 , 6.42 , 1.24 . 3rd lady and a mug to match last year 's plate -LRB- also 3rd lady in 2008 -RRB- .
POS i 'm doing the north downs 30k with mr shimms on sunday omahd . should be a nice one .
NEG as a dyslexia therapist i 'm not so hung up on spelling errors . . . running has felt quite tough this week . had to abort 2 speed sessions that makes me realise i ca n't do speedwork the week following a half marathon . i 'm just not recovering like i used to - sadly and as much as i do n't like to admit it , it must be to do with age !
NEU i used to have to leave at least a couple of hours otherwise i got stitch . for several of my lsrs over the winter i had nothing before going out other than liquids -LRB- sports drinks -RRB- - i 'm trying to get used to haveing at least a light brekkie before i go -LRB- just means getting up even earlier ! -RRB- . for daytime sessions i still leave 2-2 .5 hours if i can - prefer to feel 'em pty ' when i run . wel - just 4 away then ... ... !
POS burn those schedules and run free ! hopefully it 'll be nice and warm here early in the morning too - i like training when its stinking hot , but i need to be all done by 8:30 and i doubt it 'll be that warm by then .
POS i 'd just be interested to know . EMO_HAPPY
POS had n't really thought about this yet . i 've done 10 - 11 milers for the last 6 sundays , so i feel ok at the moment .
POS thanks mecca , much appreciated ! -LRB- its the only thing that keeps me going on those old wintery runs , knowing that i have to do it -RRB-
POS personally do n't think that going up to marathon training would be beyond you . i 'd take it if i were you .
POS and as a previous applicant they should send you one automatically .
NEG i ca n't seem to stop eating . whenever i can stay awake long enough . have n't seemed to gain any weight , but then not lost any . trouble i had last year was that after themarathon training deminished and weight started to gain ... only answer start training for this year . !!
POS that sounds good ht , maybe i should offer him a suck on my energy juice ?
POS can you make it about 7.15 . only these guys start at 7.30 sharp and do n't hang around for anyone.if you plan to get changed you might want to make it about 7.10 as there are changing facilities there.i 'll be changed already , i prefer to get home and showered . there is a courtesy charge of 50p per run ! i 'll chip in for both of us ... think i can afford it !
POS yes forget about carrying anything . listen to the crowd . last year i knew that khalid kannouchi and paula had won and that kk -LRB- not me i 'm kk -RRB- had set a world record , by actually talking to the crowd . plus talk to others round you , and say thank you to the waterstop people and the kids offering sweets and banana and it 's great . rythym you 'll be fine !!
NEU i know just what you mean tibby - i 'm following the runners world schedule to the letter t and its killing me watching my running pals -LRB- including my husband ! -RRB- doing longer and faster runs than me . but the tapering is recommended by experts with years of experience so who are we to argue ! last year after a weeks holiday and no running i ran the fastest 10k of my life so there 's something to be said for rested muscles . good luck .
NEG well not after you 've just peeled it off your sweaty foot anyway !
NEU hi guys . it was good to meet up before the start . i thought it was an excellent day - having my name on the shirt seemed a bit tacky at the start , but when my knee packed up at 19 miles it really helped everyone calling my name . . i thought the last seven miles was going to be a long walk to the finish , but i managed to slow jog and walk most of it , so i guess i should not be too disappointed with the time considering -LRB- even though i do feel a bit gutted -RRB- . next year !!
POS my sister did it last year and she is a huge 20 stone munter -LRB- exagerating maybe just a bit -RRB- it took her 7 1/2 hours , but she did it . it is a matter of the mind !!!
NEG help me ! ... i 've never done it before ! i 'm worried that i 'm not doing enough yet to get me thu it . . and i got ta get thru this !!
POS blister . you have a great memory you are spot on with my time for cardiff !! do n't be frightened i do not have natural talent and no way could i compete with your times . but you are right on 1-3 ... lol all down to hard work . i feel deeply honoured that i inspire you but i am just keen to do as well as i am able to do thats all . you fast guys inspire me to work even harder and i ca n't wait to beat my bullying training partner , only 2 minutes faster than me i will get him !!!!
NEG what was the bad one dips ... rain rain and more rain !!
NEG blue start . 90 minutes . cowhill plodder . lll . man in black . plodding p. susiebee . xfr bear . 8,000 others . green start . always aching 29900 . lizzyb . minni 30023 . spans . 5,000 others . red start . blisters . calf . 20,000 others
NEU my first too and i ca n't believe how fresh i felt . did n't have a dip and felt great all the way round , i actually went off a bit too slowly and so had tons of energy left for the last 5 miles , ended up running like the clappers to get under 4 hours - sorry if you were one of the people i barged out of the way !! . the congestion was a little frustrating to say the least and i think if i do another marathon it will be a quieter one , where i 'll see if i can improve on my time . missed the forumites at mile 18 but the rest of the crowds were great , not sure i 'd have been happy to stand in that weather for 4 + hours . text messages a `` bit !!!! '' disappointing too .
NEG ahhh , thinking back , i do n't think i did did i ? it was definately not in my bag anyway . what would it have been doing on my shoulder ?!
NEU hi all , can i play too ? i 'm looking at a nice long slow marathon some time next year , missed out on the long run this weekend as had a rather parenty weekend -LRB- both sets -RRB- but off to the gym tonight for the first time in over a month . got to get back into it !
NEG you are so cruel cougie ;-RRB-
NEU cc . & normski - hope you guys had a good run this morning . would have loved to join you but - stuck at work - boring !! cc are you still planning on doing the race on sunday ? did a really good session last night at arena 80 - 3 minutes running -LRB- fast as poss . then 1 minute stop and rest then three minutes back to where we started - did 3 reps. absolute killer - think i 'm comming down with a chest cold - noooooooo !! apparently some peeps are starting to get responses from flm - ca n't breath so excited have asked my other half to let me know if there is any post for me - ac n't wait until i get home . emma have you had any news yet ??
POS hi nemo , hi all . nemo , you 're doing well . apart from a long run at weekends i 'm only managing one other in midweek but at least i 'm doing a long one . i 'm in the nikelondon race on sunday night , wave 3 . look out for me i 'll be in a bright yellow long sleeve t-shirt EMO_HAPPY
NEG did n't do my race today - it was cancelled because of the ice :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- . i got mr debbo to let me out of the car on the way to his mum 's and i did 4 miles along back roads in fife instead . i think it 's time to relax and read some of my christmas books now !
NEU thanks for that - i will probably still arrive too early ! i am one those people who get hung up on time - i hate being late for anything , so i usually end up being far too early .
NEU it 's also possible that you are more tired mid week due to work etc whereas you are more rested by a sunday morning . although you had a tough 2nd long run you will probably gain from it as you ran when you felt tired , quite a valuable exercise for marathon training !
POS hippo - you really didnt taste the sprouts at all . . it was really nice . i have a smoothie maker but i dont know if it would cope with the veggies ??
POS do n't know what you 're fretting about greg . you ran a half marathon at 10:08 per mile . well , i 'm 5 years younger than you , have been running three years , and would kill to be able to do that pace for 13 miles . believe me , a bit of anxiety is not just understandable , it 's actually pretty healthy . if you were n't having any doubts you 'd be unique . what you do n't yet understand is that the day itself , the occasion , and the crowds , will make your heart twice as big as it feels now . just you wait and see . honest greg , you 're doing just fine . best of luck . andy .
POS janee2 well done , very good time . . reading sounds as though it was a busy half , so loads of folks to run alongside , good experience for london .
NEU not been yet hs , hope to go out about 7.15 pm . alp - sorry you ca n't make it on friday , like you say next time . hs are you coming on friday then ?
NEG blisters - the quacks have said exactly that , and reassured me that he 's not dehydrated ... . . yet !! he seems to be getting worse actually EMO_HAPPY kissing him on the lips is the least of my worries ... . he 's not yet big enough to aim for the bucket , and i seem to ` cop the lot ' every time ! aa - i like your ` top tips ' re : children and avoiding the lurgy !!!! i think i 'll send my hubby and z away for the first 2 weeks in april . swayer - hope that hip gets better soon . an easy recovery run for me last night , and another planned for today . tomorrow i will rest prior to hastings on sunday .
NEU no help to you now , but next year , apply for the gold bond even before the ballot . then ifyou get a ballot place you just let the charity have the gold bomnd back . i thought the alzheimers peeps had some left ?????
NEG i 've taken a few days off from training , i feel as guilty as hell for missing my long run , but i 'm sure i 'll feel worse if i ca n't run on the big day .
POS fifidella - like you say not a great course but it gives you an idea of what it 's like to run with a lot of other people . great time by the way anything about 1:55 for the half calculates to 4:00 for the marathon !!! but you can never tell until the day . i did 1:44 last year in the same race and ended up finishing london in 4:30 due to a calf strain at 16 miles . hoping to improve on that this year though ...
POS hi - thanks to all who responded to my comments placed last week - i receive notifications but somehow i can not read your responses - shame as some of the help and advise that i have read sounds to be good . finished silverstone in 2hrs 4mins , improvement of 4 mins on last year - on target at 10miles and even ran with the 9min mile pacer - but from 11 miles seemed to be treading water ... ... missed a number of mile markers so really please when i saw the 13mile marker and managed sprint to line . 20miles in morecambe next week trimpell - so hoping for a 3hr 30min target . will try the flapjack refueling instead of lucazade to see if that aids . well done everyone - keep going - not long to go now . and again apologies for not being able to read your responses . will keep reading the posted comments for ideas and help . take care
NEG i have not trained last week & missed 4 hours of midweek training runs , missed what would have been my 2nd 1/2 marathon distance this last sunday & as yet i still not been able to train this week because of a pulled thigh muscle , this sunday should be a 16-18 . what do i do as my training prog stipulates that after this weekend i should start tapering off & at present it 's not looking good for this weekend let alone light training runs this week ??
POS panties kids were in the bar post flm . they were indeed angelic . i will be there . might not make sense tho . might be nissed
POS hallo all , . the pringles thing was just what you could eat instead for same calories . men 's health is great - straight talking . i love going to the hairdresser to read it . how strange am i ? they had lots of stuff from rw in it too . everyone is doing really well and i am really pleased that you have all come into my life in this strange but wonderful way . we 've been thru all the ups and downs and i 've been motivated and inspired by you all . i went out in the pouring bl ** dy rain for 17.8 m -LRB- 3 hours -RRB- tonight - the water of leith had burst its banks at several points and my ` new ' trainers are wrecked . ha ha i could have swam in the canal and been drier . was good tho and i feel i must be quite strong now mentally and physically so a good way to enter the taper tavern .
NEG i 'm dreading that idiot on the train sneezing over me and giving me his germs . yuck .
POS tallguy - do n't beat yourself up about it . competing while under the weather is always difficult so sub-2 hours with a bug is not bad at all . welcome back sweep . it 's a shame about your injury a while back but atleast you 've been sensible and have set a lower target that should be more achievable . there 's so many of us with knee injuries on here . prohibition e - is tonight the night when you 're allowing yourself a drink ? open water swimming is n't that scary as long as you 're really slow like me . in last years firth of forth race i had a canoe next to me from about 500m into the race as myself and one other guy were bringing up the rear way adrift of the rest of the masses . it 's a great challenge you should give one a try sometime . just read about your 10k , those km markings were shocking . you may have run a sub-45 race already . cheers for now . ppb .
NEG hi all , just when i had put my thermals away coz the warmer weather had set in i watch the forecast and they tell me there 's gon na be snow by the weekend ! it 's no wonder we 've all had colds , flu , viruses , etc , etc. the wind direction changed suddenly today and the temp dropped 1 or 2 degrees straight away . on top of that i 've now joined the injury list with a severe pain on the ball of my left foot right at the base of my middle toe . feels like i 'm walking on a stone all the time . if anyone has anything similar and a remedy i 'd be grateful . . kattysparke , i 'll be getting to the expo for registration about 11.30 on 13th , comig up from east grinstead . will be travelling up from three bridges on 17th if anyone else travelling up from south wants to meet up . despite injuries and ailments i 'm staying positive about the day and really looking forward to it now . good to see zimchick and paul made the rw column . p.s i know somewhere that hires out walking sticks and zimmers should we require them on the day !!!!
NEU was your number 666 ?
POS hello all , i 'm back !!! um - i 've emailed meldy , thanks for tracking me down . can t have my email working on this site as it s a work address so i probably shouldn t really be on these forums ;--RRB- . showboat , sorry to hear about your problems , have you definitely decided if you re running this year or not ? i hope this thread has been of some help to you and maybe you could use it as inspiration for next year . i felt awful having to defer last year but it 's been worth it in the end as i m feeling pretty good now . how s everyone else doing ? hope you 're all tapering nicely without any problems . . it felt so weird on sunday only doing an hour s run . this week i ve got a 40-50 min . run tomorrow , gym session on wednesday and my final pre-race run on friday . going for a gentle 20-30 mins . back over the scrubs where my training really started last year . i m going to the expo on friday and will try and get there as early as poss . to avoid the rush of out-of-towners . on the other hand i may be so excited that i ll go after work on thursday - so impatient ! sorry not to be able to meet up with you shuffler at the expo and not sure if we ll see each other on the day . you re a bit faster than me but it s nice to think of you and sezz being on the same team as me . i ve decided to set myself tasks for each day this week to keep the nerves at bay . today 's task is writing and sending off the last of my letters asking for sponsorship . it s a bit late but you never know . i ve found emailing and writing to people direct has been quite effective , nearly everybody has sponsored me and some people have been surprisingly generous . total is somewhere around 700 excluding gift aid and my company will add another 250 in a money match scheme so it s looking quite healthy . must go before this email turns into an essay ! 5 days to go ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU 83 actually
POS entirely the wrong strategy i know but ran for 3:15 last night at 75 % mhr - covered 23 very easily paced miles . only a little tightness and tiredness in legs this morning - will get along to flm expo this afternoon for leg massage . tapering with a vengeance now - pasta , pasta , pasta - sleep , sleep , sleep - hydrate , hydrate , hydrate - very short easy recovery runs tonight and tomorrow - looking forward to the real thing now .
POS could n't agree more . hoorah for um and all the supporters ! boing
POS fabric paint and blue peter it is then !
POS greetings all , . nerves are well and truely in , decisions oh boy ... two pairs of trainers on the go cant decide which to wear ... ... all prayers , thoughts and best wishes to all 3:30 s on the forum have a great day and an even better race on sunday , you deserve it , we all do ... may be back online in the mornibg but can not guarentee it . . look forwards to meeting up before , during and after the race and on line afterwards to read all the stories and great achievemnets . enjoy :--RRB-
POS hi fb - thanks for that . yes , i 'm really looking forward to mb . i 'm not much of a climber at all , but did an intro week in the alps last year , and mt aspiring in nz at christmas . i 'm going with a climbing company in august . did you travel off your own bat ?
POS wp , . thanks . i have n't made up my mind where in canada i ` llbe making my home but i 'll be resident there for a while . i head off the middle of may . rfj has a picture on his lfm story and i 'm right behind him . i have n't found any other pics of the gang . alanm , is there one of you doing your interview ?
NEG it 's easy to jump to the wrong conclusions -LRB- as i did -RRB- - it 's been pointed out to me that some runners and marshals sell their medals and jackets , t shirts , caps , jackets etc and donate the proceeds to charity - a club colleague of mine is donating whatever he can get for his staff medal to the dreams come true charity . good for him -LRB- but yah boo to any one who is profiting for themselves -RRB- .
NEG thanks for the stats , wardi . hmmm , there certainly does n't seem to be any logic at all , especially if the men 's qualifying time remains unchanged , despite there being far more men achieving it . this would mean that i 'd have to train even harder to get my qualifying time at berlin in september ;--LRB-
NEU if done correctly , the reason that you gain weight is because you are storing extra glycogen - and glycogen requires water , thus the additional weight gain , which will be drawn upon very quickly through the race . this is also part of the reason you may feel sluggish and heavy at the beginning of the marathon but really good around 10-12 miles , as you have already burnt up some of your stored fuel and are already lighter . even if you already run off less carbs than you should , you would still benefit from this , as you are trying to encourage your muscles to store more glycogen than normal . there are a few ways of carbo depletion/loading , and one of the common ways of doing it is to have 3 days of lower carbs -LRB- i actually take this to extreme -RRB- and then do a 3 minute run flat out -LRB- after a good warm up -RRB- and then 24 hours of eating a very high carb and low protein/fat diet - so in fact , the 6 days fall very clearly into focus on protein/fat for 3 days , 1 day of very high carbs , and 2 days of normal eating . this is less likely to make you feel bloated at the start line . normally , the distance runner 's diet consists of around65-70 % carbs , 15-20 % protein and the balance fat . in the carb load week , the first 3 days will look more like the atkins diet - loads of protein , then fat , and finally carbs . you will know whether you have done it correctly as on day 3 of the depletion , you will probably feel like the lightest you have ever been - most of this is water loss . it 's really important that in the carb phase on day 4 you eat the right amount of carbs , otherwise you will not load sufficiently . as a 56kg woman who normally eats 65 % carb diet , this means that in those 24 hours , i will eat roughly 600g of carbs . i wo n't overeat calorie consumption . that equates to around 2400 cals of carbs . . i have done this as a veggie and it is a lot harder to do it than eating meat . it also is pretty hard if you have a sweet tooth ! but it works .
NEU or maybe even working ???
POS legless - thanks . very small field last year was n't it ? that might put me off - do n't really want to be last ! will see how my running goes over the next few weeks . had a lovely relaxing time in your pub yesterday . wanted to get out to lunch but somewhere where i do n't come across people i have barred everywhere i look . your place was ideal .
NEG i 'm the worst person to ask about luton marathon . i think the course is awful , i would never do it again . some peeps like it tho ' . it is a well organised event .
NEG have n't been about for a few days . was seeing my aunt ovder the week-end - quite sad , as she 's emigrating to australia next month , to be near her children who settled out there ages ago . she is my last living relative in this country -LRB- apart from daughters & grandson -RRB- , so feel sad to see her go . hopefully we will manage to get out to see her . seren - big hugs . i lost my mum over 20 yeara ago now , and as with yours , it was a mercy in many ways , but still really sad . i do still miss her now . no running for over a week , and wimped out tonight too , as it is so wet & windy . hippo , hope you can get something sorted soon and start your break - you obviously need some time to relect , and make decisions . welcome back jj !
POS like you say swanny . bring it on . . but not too quickly please ...
NEG nothing cashed over weekend so 4th time failure for me . just to rub salt in the wound both my mates who entered first time have got in . so unimpressed . EMO_HAPPY
NEG hi , . 3 rejections in last 3 years for me too . oh well , had already got 2 other locally lined up , one in march or one in may , so not too bothered , and can still train with others that got in . ss .
POS hi all i will be running flm 2006 for the disabilities trust a charity that provides essential services to people with autism , brain injury , profound learning difficulties and physical disabilities . i ran flm 2005 for them as a golden bond runner . they are only a small team but they are really helpful with trainning and support and need all the help that they can get from sponsorship . i was lucky enough to get in through the ballot this year , so to show my gratitude ill be fund raising again . if you have a place and would like to raise money for the trust i know that they would be more than welcoming . please let me know if you can help . thanks . andy
NEG and i 'm still deaf in one ear !
POS judging my your post i think you need a bit better finger control with that rubber one ! i 've not tried a rubber one but i do have a black one here at work ! ;--RRB- its actually a bit sticky at the moment too ! shirl , the week after next i will be expecting even more out of you . practise makes perfect , well done x
POS where do you all find the time ??!!?
NEU we let ladies in our group as well morticia - although they have to be voted in by the ` thread ' team and there are certain attributes that they must have . you are more than welcome to make a guest appearance ... -LRB- despite not being voted in . . -RRB-
NEG well done to everyone who managed their long runs in the bad weather this weekend . i struggled through 12 slow , wet and muddy miles . the cold bath at the end of it all did n't seem as cold as last week as i was frozen right through already !
NEU bedders , do n't apologise for wearing different colour specs from me . i 've done this race three times , and the start has been delayed each time . very annoying - i 'm with you there . . i 've just found that the positives outweigh the negatives , that 's all . we tend to major on ` organisation ' when we assess races , and of course that 's important , but there are other factors to think about . yes , i remember that there were complaints about the buses but i 've always driven there and have n't experienced that myself . the race itself feels like a big event which is why i think it 's good preparation for london -LRB- insofar as anything can prepare you for london -RRB- . bottled water , energy drinks , big field , tons of marshals , good crowd support , town centre running , finish in a high-profile stadium ... i 've never had any trouble getting my medal or buying a teeshirt . the thing about reading is i think they genuinely try to improve the event year on year . they keep switching the route and the date to try to improve it , and i respect that .
NEU some fantastic mileage being run out there , keep it up guys . just got back from my 20 -LRB- ended up doing 22 -RRB- very windy on the way back - bit of sleet thrown in for good measure ! managed the run in 2 hours and 56 minutes , probably a bit fast , but felt ok . i used some gels for the first time - sis orange flavour . reminded my of sweet semolina , yum yum - not . seemed to keep me going though , so i think i 'll stick with 'em . i bought a specific waist belt to carry them in , nice and slim , did n't even notice it on the run ! need to practice getting them out though , nearly ran into a telegraph pole whilst trying to get one out - doh !! enjoy your sunday evenings - hm .
NEG work means i only manage 3 runs a week ... 2 midweek of 7/8/9 miles and then a long run on a sunday . i 'm up to 16 miles now and doing 18 tomorrow . it 's the midweek runs that are hard . this week my 8 miler was b. ... y hard work . every step was an effort , every hill was like everest . i did 15 last sunday steady in 2hr 20min . can i still do 3hr 50min ?? i 'm beginning to doubt it . need some encouragement or some advice on how to train smarter !!
POS forgot to say - . get well soon tootie ! and if there 's coffee going free in hopkinton then count me in !
NEU pinks - well done at milton keynes , i was there too , was my first 1/2 m. i must admit i found the wind around the lake very difficult to run in , makes you feel like you are n't going anywhere . at least the weather was alot better than predicted . good luck everyone at silverstone and liverpool .
NEU who got the biggest pb yesterday , i know mr simmons whacked 9 minutes off anybody on here beat that ? ***** the stockport harriers how much did they shave off their half marathon pb going off their own watch chart ***** . gingerbreadman 7 seconds . witgb 25 seconds
POS itc - could n't agree more . i never dreampt of even competing in a marathon 6 months ago ... so getting to the end will be one hell of an achievment i know . i seem to have caught the running bug , so i hope that i will continue running way past april 23rd ... thanks for the inspiration .
NEU a convent somewhere up a nepalise mountain .
NEG think my feet/ankles have had enough of marathon training , did a fast ` ish 6 miles last night and hobling around on a new injury today , right ankle , ca n't really pinpoint it , just sore walking on it , that alone running ! not doing anything till 20 mile oakly race on sunday , and hope for the best . i do n't think i 'm designed for marathons , but i 'm determined to get round somehow ?
POS andrew , i agree with karen and jej - run the half at mp -LRB- but you have to be sure that you wo n't end up racing -RRB- . i ran a half at marathon heart rate 2 weeks before london last year and it was a real morale booster for me because it demonstrated that my target time was acheivable .
NEU hi everyone , . sounds like we are all on a high . hope everyone 's last lsr was a good ` un . did an 18 miler yesterday , just missed the major downpours . walked the first half cos of knee problem , then the second half i tried the pose method of running just to see . it was a miracle , no knee pain at all and i was doing 10 min miles ... i 've never run that fast ever ! went back to my normal running style as an experiment for 1 min and knee instantly hurt again . so i 'm sticking with this method for london . can anyone recommend so ok tasting energy gels ? tried the sis ones and they were disgusting . they had n't been anywhere near an orange and the consistency was what i can only imagine eating frog spawn would be like ! ok i have a vivid imagination . well done everyone on your hard work so far and enjoy the taper weeks .
POS aa - nice job . great run hm very impressive , . well fdone on all the long runs peeps . you all seem to be cruising in to the taper modes , not quite sure if peeekay is though ... ... ... i think he may need to consider a taper or 2 ... take care folks
NEU my running number is 13611 ! maybe i will see you there ! not dressing up - i 'm going to struggle getting round as it is . i am running for breast cancer campaign . i was thinking about wearing a bra over my shirt ?!? argh ... so close now !
POS busy week at work , but now demob ` ed till after flm . spending the next week visiting family in the south-west , so i might not get connected to the intermeweb for a while . run well people . thanks for the support and camaraderie . keep smilin ' and be proud .
POS easy ... easy ... easy
NEU defo for shorts . it 'll be very warm in the crowds . bike style shorts for people worried about chafing and lots of bodyglide ... t shirt or vest top only too ...
NEU did the flm in 2003 and loved it - or rather loved finishing it - said never again and had changed my mind by the following wednesday . anyway , after 2 years of rejections -LRB- nice watch and a huge rainjacket -RRB- i was accepted for this year , and got on with my training . although i have been quite enthusiastic and the training has been ok , i must admit that it was n't the same as the first time - i just did n't seem to have the same sense of excitement , which i guess is understandable as i 'd wanted to run the marathon since i 'd first seen the early races on tv . a good example is that last time i pretty much lived on this forum , whereas this time i was just dropping in and out -LRB- and consequently missed the support group stuff - must pay more attention -RRB- . anyway , this week the nerves have hit me big time , and i 'm really struggling to focus on anything else . i 'm trying to be excited as well , but , to be honest am a bit all over the place , and ca n't really think of much else at the moment . any non-virgins experienced out there experienced this ? best of luck to all of you , watch out for me in my welsh flag running vest
POS last post before the big day , as i have an early start in the morning . can not belive we have nearly reached the end of this long journey . the training has been great -LRB- except for the first two weeks of taper -RRB- . have meet some great people during training , and have been surprised by how generous people can be when you push a sponsor form under their nose . also the number of people who have stopped me and wished me luck . not forgetting what a great time i have had reading and adding to this thread over the last five months . have really enjoyed reading your comments , cant wait to read the stories next week . good luck to you all hope you all achive what you deserve from your hard work and most of all enjoy the day !
POS i have only just seen this message ! i was there this year !
POS ran my hm at a hilly watford . so i agree a soft target . re abingdon . i was n't going to bother with trying for a sub 3 , as it has never really been a goal of mine , but i 'll do it just for you , to make you happy .
NEU the future father in law is desperate to get my folks to ` dish the dirt ' ... good lord . we are having an italy paty here tonight cos the boys are all coming round for the football and one of mr kp 's mates grandparents are itailan . tenous but there you are .
POS dn - thanks for the words of encouragement . i suppose that i do n't count my 3 '08 vienna effort in the same light as the other marafuns as my target was 3 '06 as opposed to sub 3 for the ` others ' . i am very pleased with my negative splits for vienna though . 20 mins running on grass for me last night ... oh the long road to recovery !
POS manage another 2.2 today once i got out the dor . veyr nice , and once my mind was numbed to toe pain , i enjoyed run , any day now even downhill was not too bad ! will try 4 tomorrow , me thinks ! hoping to get up to 9 by sunday . leicester definitely on now ! claire - make sure you recuperate well ! weight : before rhm i was 12 st 3 , after -LRB- and after a fair bit of rehydrtaion -RRB- i was 11st 12 . now i seem to have got back to 12 st 5 . concluson : extra 2 lbs of muscle ! ;--RRB- . -LRB- ca n't possibly have overdone refuelling ! -RRB-
POS brilliant nicks - well done , you have really come back stronger after being so poorly ! no way i will be able to keep up with you come flm 2007 ! lol . rio , i 'm confused ... how do i know what i did wrong last year ? and how did you know it was the long runs ? i did couple of 16s , couple 18s and a 20 for this year . i just felt tired on the start line and felt grotty around 10-16 miles but after that i felt better and could have run a lot more but just did n't really get going again .
NEU ms raptor , best wishes for abingdon . i did my now weekly 13.1 mile solo run yesterday , and was slightly peeved that my pacing -LRB- without technology -RRB- was marginally off and my time was 1hour 47 and not 1:43:30 like last weeks . i guess i 've gotten used to always improving my times , but for a training run , i should be happy that it 's now a regular thing and not a monumental challenge anymore . the plan for glen clova half is to collar someone of experience who has a bleepy thing so i can attack the 100 mins target ! pidge , your photo did n't do you justice either . i had you down as a white van man in his forties ! anyway good luck with barnes green . it should n't be too hot for you ! find someone beforehand who plans a similar pace to you and smash your pb when those gazelle genes kick in from mile 10 onwards !! just do n't bring up your job if you like a chat going round ! ha ! ha ! i am gon na experiment with these wee sis gels that mr dap swears by at glen clova , if it can give me a wee boost to maintain my pace . hrr , i have big plans for you in the winter months ahead , so soak your feet in vinegar like a pair of conkers , and fingers crossed you 'll be back soon . . amanda z , hullo . good luck in stroud . think i 've been there when i lived in bristol . take it easy and think only of good things , never giving negative thoughts any space in your head . . i 've not looked at any training plans yet , feeling that the higher my long run can be come christmas , the better . i 'll have less ground to make up in 2007 , so might actually enjoy it , instead of it being the most hellish 12 or 15 weeks of my life ! qq , does the bloke off blues clues on nick jnr still sing the bedtime business song at 7pm ? a classic ! may have asked this before , but if i 'm 6 ft , 13 stone and have run maybe 500-600 miles this year , is it ok to wait for santa to bring me a new pair of 10 n a halfs ?
NEG given they claim to automatically mail out marathon news to those previously rejected i have a bad feeling about my 5-times-rejected application this year - they 've only mailed it out for past 2 years , had to go looking for it before then . have cheques stubs & bank statements available , plus list of the `` thanks for bequeathing '' gifts - 4 of which are still in use . have never found the helpline all that helpful ; maybe i just get folk who are having a bad day ... ?
NEG hi all -LRB- changing subject -RRB- . totally gutted today as actually dropped out of my 5k race after 1k . started strong then unbelievably right hamstring cramped out ... pretty much out of the blue . i stopped and stretched it , started up again , but it hurt like * $ ! ~ so i stopped . now i wonder whether i could have kept going ? was the seizing psychological ? because it does n't feel so bad now ? . first time i 've even started a race and dropped out . what a horrible feeling , but i guess it 's all part of being a runner . . in general i think i 'm putting too much mental pressure on myself over race results . which is silly , because it 's not like i 'm even at elite level as an amateur . from now on i think i might start thinking of races as training runs with a bit of company . . i also think i need to race more so that each one does n't seem like such a big deal . anyway ... really disappointed , so if anyone 's got any good jokes or anything ??
NEG good advice to take a mobile with you - mine plays mp3 's and i know i can always use it to call a taxi in case if injury - keep the volume low or you ca n't hear the traffic . . wear something reflective so you can be seen - even with streetlights it amazing how invisible you are without hi-viz gear . and remember , other people are probably more scared of you than you are of them - imagine how you would feel if you were out at night -LRB- walking -RRB- and heard the sound of someone running towards you . the worst i 've had is being egged by a goup of teenage morons from a car ; i was heckled by a group of adolescents once but asked them to run to the top of the hill with me - as you can guess , they all dropped out exhuasted after a couple of hundred yards !!
NEG i 've yet to hit an easy patch in a marathon ! hippo 's spot on with her advice as usual . my big mistake in my first mara was not having carbo loaded enough and i ran out of fuel too early . not pleasant !
NEG hippo - ouch - hope you 're ok - call a doctor ?
NEG sf is roobarbs partner -LRB- at work only -RRB- . ot ehrwise kbown as spannerb1tchbumfface
NEU happy new year all ! thanks for the comments , bambina and kayvee . my back is still not quite right . no pain anymore , but just feels uncomfortable under my right shoulder - like a muscle is trapped or knotted or something . think i will give my old physio a shout - better to get it sorted out sooner rather than later ! i 've been off running for the last couple of days anyway - my first hangover of 2007 has reached a second day of suffering !!! read more in my flm training blog at : .
NEG darren , i will also be looking for 1:35 at wokingham and will see if 1:30 is possible at fleet or reading , to push for 1:30 may not be a good idea at this early stage in training . wokingham is a good fast course , last year was windy , very wet and cold so you should not have too many problems , just after the start i would suggest to stay on the path , if it 's been raining and if running on the grass could be a bad move , it 's not too long before gaps start to appear and can then settle into your pace
NEG managed to get up early this morning to get speed session out of the way . 4 x 1 mile at 15.5 km/h with 2 mins rec . found it very difficult especially the hill i have to run up on the way back from the gym !
NEU reb mm - just want to reinforce what the others are saying . when i did my first marathon training , i ran too soon after having a chest infection and ended up with pneumonia . i ran because i did n't want to put a dent in my training , but ended up writing myself off for weeks afterwards . . that said , i still managed to catch up . you 've still got plenty of weeks to slowly build up the long runs , especially if you 're not going for a particular time . in many ways , your first marathon gives you that extra bit of freedom that you 're going to get a personal best regardless ! good luck .
NEG i reckon i was approaching wall state , actually . more of a garden boundary sized wall , but the pace definitely dipped at the end as i climbed the final hills . sorry . remember , i 'm an aspirant still , not an achiever yet .
NEG typical that i mistype the word that is bold , so it stands out !
POS aorn , i hope you 're out there blasting away your hangover now ! good news on your shin , qq :o-RRB- . gentle 5-miler for me this morning too , to find out whether i could run in my new sorbothane insoles . they were fine . i 'm not a morning runner and never really warmed up , but my shin did n't make too much fuss .
POS tr sounds like you 're aiming to beat my bramley time . i do n't think i would recommend racing 20 miles as i did . i managed it because i was already well-conditioned -LRB- 2x 20 milers in jan and 2 x 22 in feb before bramley for example -RRB- .
NEG i did a 10 mile race on sunday - 71 mins . i am a bit concerned about the number of long runs people have done . i have been following a rw schedule for sub 3.30 and have only done 1 x 15 and 1 x 18 . i do have 2 x 20 and 1 x 22 and 2 x 15 before 22/4 . hope this is ok . i am still not cofident of being able to do 8mm for lm - 7.10 for 10 miles was ok but couldnt do it for any more 13m . . getting worried again .
POS morning everyone . i have posted this before on another thread -LRB- sorry rio -RRB- but thought it might be of interest to you . `` word to the wise '' for those who are treading the roads of london for the first time . . on race day just think legs . what ! i hear you say . think about it . you get out of bed , you have to travel to the start . you may well have had to take the train . you have to walk from the station to the start area . now your nervous and you are walking around looking for friends or charity areas . you go to the loo , and stand in a queue . you have a coffee still standing you change and then at last you go to your start pen . what !!! sill 30 minutes to go and your still standing . yippeee the gun goes of . hang on you havent moved . it could take anything up to 10 minutes before you actualy cross the start line . then you have to run 26.2 so the moral of the story is keep off your feet as much as possible on race day . take an old shirt , jacket , bin bag , anything to sit on wherever you can . if you dont you will wish you had . trust me i learnt the hard way good luck everyone enjoy your day .
POS hi all . just popped by to say i am in no way jealous of you lot doing the flm ... not at all ... not even a bit ... no sir ... not on your nelly ... face ? bovvered ? ... am i bovvered ? not bothered at all ... honestly , really
NEG caro its not that sort of a massage . if you are in pain it is just to take some of the knots out of your legs and not relaxing at all . stiffness is all part of the marathon unfortunately - it really does hurt a lot . and it cant be avoided . some grit and determination is needed . roz some people carry deep heat with them to rub in when it gets tough or the muscles cramp too much . might be worth thinking about rather than adding an extra layer .
POS howdy ! i went to the gym again and my foot is still holding up . going to try and run for a little longer on it tomorrow morning to see how i get on . fingers crossed ! hope mrs ps get 's better soon ! tracey , tell bernard well done from me -LRB- although through gritted teeth ` cos hippo 's right , it just is n't fair !! -RRB- . lyndy , good news from you - let 's hope you 're well and truly on the mend .
NEU show off ! ;--RRB-
NEU morning all , . tr - you 've got to rest up , you are only delaying the recovery . geewok-fingers crossed ... at least you know what the problem is now . ww-i 'm planning on doing the 13 miler as a progression run starting off at around 7.30 's and winding up -LRB- the last 5 mile -RRB- at projected mp . dan - whats the plan ? ... 6.20 's
NEG ws i 'm not sure that mile 1 reading is correct as my hrm has been playing up a bit and i wonder if it got confused with other hrm 's and telly signals etc. the first mile was v slow so i think it could be wrong . having said that , my hr was definitely shooting up when i was still in the queue for a wee with 4 mins to go before the start !
NEU more like 65 for the cd this time wd
NEG i , like others have already said , ran with my own 500 ml bottle at the start , when empty i discarded the bottle but kept the sports valve lid . and just screwed it onto the next bottle i got . i was able to do 2 stations per bottle , but still found there was nothing at 11 thru 15 then only intermittent supply to the end . im not sure whose fault it is . i suspect it 's 6 of one and half a dozen of the other . flm should have put more on , but likewise faster runners perhaps should have bene limited in the amount they can take . i dunno . . i aint pointing fingers . . guess in a sense it adds to the `` challenge '' of it all . :--RRB- .
NEG i did a silly thing with my 305 and set mine to marathon distance -LRB- i only bought it 2 days beforehand ! -RRB- and is shut off at 26.2 miles , with 4 minutes to go . up till then it was running about a half-mile extra . . it says garmin can be up to 99 % + accurate but given the several tunnels we had to go through , canary wharf and isle of dogs , etc , not surprised people are out by so much . i 'd rather it was telling me i was slower than actual , than faster than actual . looking forward to using the training programmes from this site with it , once i 've recovered .
NEU laugh out loud tr my legs look more like 2 sticks of celery poking out of a carrier bag :--RRB- . swim was in some school pool really wierd as you do 8 lengths 2 per lane then get out and do 8 more . carnege for shite swimmers like me . nice running jakesy . i was out at 4am this morning for 10.4 miles at 7.36 pace . not fast or hard but nterestingly my avghr was only 129
POS i forgot to add london chest hospital 10k - 8.7.7 to my list . am hopefully taking a group of brownies to the 1 mile fun run on the same day . am going to chat to them about my marathon run and having lost lots of weight -LRB- although the emphasis will be on being healthy and not losing weight . -RRB-
NEU < pushes the door open one last time ... > . hi minni - i ran 3:14 at lochaber , which was a pb by 11mins . i use my hrm on every run , although the battery packed up during the marathon itself -LRB- typical ! -RRB- . windsurfin ' susie over on the hard training thread has far more technical hrm training knowledge that i do , so it might be worth sticking your head in there . for me , i religiously kept the vast majority of my runs to 70 % of my working heart rate / 75 % hrmax . i now know what the different efforts feel like and do n't need to check my watch very often . hrm training has certainly improved my sense of pacing . almost always i run by effort and by time on feet , not pace . so for example , my tempo runs include , say , 30mins at 1/2m effort rather than a 1/2m speed . and a typical long run will be something like 2hr30min at 70 % whr , rather than an exact mileage . this approach allowed me to ramp up my mileage to 70-80mpw at peak without injury/overtraining . i ran every day for over 6 months from last september until the taper without problems -LRB- having spent the preceeding 18 weeks off injured and not running at all -RRB- . in the last 4-6 weeks of training i made the switch over to quicker running , trying to hit specific paces , increasing the speed on long runs etc. . which brought me nicely to a peak . i reckon the best thing about an hrm though is on recovery days , where it gives you permission to run slow -LRB- as slow as 10m/m , sometimes even slower -RRB- . i 'm a complete convert to ` active recovery ' now , rather than taking rest days . it 's all useful mileage ! my average pace during the whole training period was only 8.48 m/m . very little speed work at all . but despite this , my eventual marathon pace averaged 7.26 m/m with a slight - ve split . and my 1/2m and 10k times came also improved . hrm training takes patience though . . initially most people have to slow right down and that can be hard psychologically . so it 's not everyone 's idea of fun . but if you 're going to give it a go , i reckon spring/summer 's the perfect time to do it ! a good intro book is ` heart rate monitor training for the compleat idiot ' by john l parker . < closes door on way out >
POS mike-you posted a few pages back a recommended schedule -LRB- post marathon -RRB- to keep things going before the next marathon training block -LRB- autumn -RRB- . seems to have vanished , any chance of posting it again . cheers .
NEU gobi youda man . without the skinny one with the funny gait to hold you back you 're bound to nail it . have a good weekend kids . as you were then .
POS glad its not just mine susan - maybe howard will help us out with some of his wise words .
POS ah , that ceilidh was rocking . do you know it finished 2 ish ! yes a few did the whole thing and mara at then end too ! i think k2 and loon dod both did the lot!i went back to bed at a bout 10 though i felt so miserable , lets just say as well as wooden left leg i had totm and was sitting at the meal struggling to talk , smile or anything . best at home when i feel like that i think ! hubby is number 68 , following me in on the beach run , i am carrying our mates camera because they both thought it a good idea to jump into the sea before we finished ! it is a fun event the beach one , you have to guess your time and the nearest to it wins . one of our friends got it spot on and i was +35 secs !
NEG oh dear not a good last few hours for bw today and nn yesterday afternoon . i would say i hope you kicked his ass bw , but does n't sound like you 'd want to put your foot there . hope the weekend gets better for you two , i 'm sure the theraputic running helps . ca n't complain other than being at work . a few hours to kill then off to beverley races and no ` silver ring ' or ` tatts ' for me today , i get to lord it up with owners and trainers for the afternoon , what-what . leaving the running to the horses today at least . hopefully harvest warrior will do us proud again and make it two wins in two , though i 'm not sure if the ground is soft enough - this horse is more x-country than road race .
NEG i 'm an all the gear cyclist so if i am out i do n't really care about the weather . . i know when doing tri , my running never got worse while i was cycling and running less . i have noticed this year that although i do little or no cycling i can still manage 19-20mph for an hour on the bike and then get off and run . . downside is my bum hurts due to lack of riding !!!!!
NEG oh my god look at rh and i 's forum posts !! what a couple of wasters we are ! tee hee . managed 45 mins on saturday . bit fed up as it was incredibly hard work . i just ca n't seem to get back into it at the moment . hey ho ... i guess body is not quite there so i 'll continue to cross train ahead of my hols ... just over a week to go !! excited ? me ? never .
NEU oh gatton no you do n't have to do that ! pinks i 'd like to do it in 2.5 hours . i 'm not sure that 's realistic though .
POS just repeated last saturdays 20 miler on my loop . i came out about a minute slower overall spread through the 3 sections . very happy with this one and a great way to bring up the 100 mile week . racing -LRB- easy plod -RRB- around the downlands 30 miler tomorrow i will not be rushing .
NEU a comment was made about not having a gb charity place the first time you do the marathon . i disagree as people really see it a challenge the first time you do it and appreciate that it is really something hard that you have never done before . because of this i found people quite willing to sponsor me . i 'm not sure that i would get the same response if i did it again as they would know that i had completed it once . i had a fundraising target of 1500 . i managed to raise 2,200 . i did start fundraising in december with a christmas raffle and did a few other activities as well as asking for sponsorship . the company where i work also gave me some sponsorship . it can be done , you just have to be willing to ask a lot of people !
NEU what did you expect it to do ?
NEU cheers ah & susan for kind words . . good thing was when i got back to my car there was an ice-cream parked opposite . :p . spring mara for me ? does n't appeal to be honest as spent so much of this year training . might go back to 10ks etc. had lady at club on wednesday chasing me for this years x-country . even thought of gsr at the moment is not attractive . better flippin get that sub 4 at budapest or i will be doing another one wo n't i ! . right as if not had enough punishment for one day now off to get legs waxed - ouch ! EMO_HAPPY
NEG : -LRB- sad , bored delia today . i 've had to call in sick . got no voice , ca n't swallow , ca n't eat , ca n't breathe very well ... yuk yuk yuk . got the quacks in a bit but i 'm already bored out of my tiny mind !
NEG unfortunately odeon , 2:59 is n't that impressive for a wheelchair athlete .
NEG ww - sorry about removing you ! on the training plan , i was n't suggesting that would be it for the week , they are just the key sessions i reckon . on the mp training , some of the medium-long run might be at mp and some of the ends of the long runs . i 've never done much mp training , because i find your options are : do 5-6m at mp in a longer run -LRB- which is basically what i suggested above -RRB- . do 10-12m at mp . i find this really hard and can barely manage it without entering a hm race . i usually do this a few weeks before the marathon e.g 5m easy warm-up , straight into the hm at mp . i do n't want to start a fight , but i 'm not a fan of running at mp in training !
POS tell him you promise not to run whilst you 're in the pub . sorted .
NEG hi all . bootsie - i hope your leg feels better soon , i know its easy to say ` try not to rush it ' , but in your mind the event gets nearer . maybe some long walks , will ease you back into it . . topsec - i can imagine how annoyed you feel about flm losing your entry , i was very lucky this year , i know , and of course i would have accepted rejection , but losing the so many entires seems very careless indeed !! . ran 5 miles this evening , the first 3 went pretty well , but my legs then felt very heavy , did 51.47 , but the 8 miler on sunday will be much slower pace .
NEU p.s. nice cartoon in the december edition of prospect magazine i thought some of you on here who share my ` anti-fat and the population is being seduced by food and car manufacturers ' views might enjoy : . a stout man is seated at a desk in shirt and tie . on the desk is a sign bearing the legend ` immigration ' . on the other side is a thin man , at whose feet are several suitcases . the text below the picture says : ` you 're in luck ; we 're very short of thin people ' .
POS some great long runs going on . i wish our county xc was on the saturday so i could have bagged one but never mind . had a reasonably good race , came in 8th , but given the opposition i could n't have come any higher up , and would have been very disappointed to come any lower down . there was about a 30s gap in front and behind me , which enabled me to enjoy the last lap a bit more . it was probably the hardest course i 've ever run on - i reckon i was n't faster than 10min/mile up one particular hill , and it was n't that short , and we had to do it three times ! three main hills on each lap , and very muddy for about 50 % of the lap . think we just lost out to coro 's team for the win , but did n't hang around to find out . anyway , a good workout , and i 've been offered a place in the team for the intercounties , so a good afternoon out all in all . coro and edb probably had more interesting races , so i 'll let them recount their tales . ed in particular had a pretty ` eventful ' run ! marders - i 'll be at the fred hughes 10 , but marshalling -LRB- we host the race -RRB- . i think jej said he would be doing it , but that was a while back so may have changed .
NEG last night at the track we did a session -LRB- into the wind of course -RRB- of 10 x 3 mins , with 1 min recovery , quite a tough little session and it definitely made me puff and blow : - o. this morning was a 6 mile run into work on the icey pavements and road , which was an adventure . i was skidding and skating all over and had to head for the grass verge to stay upright on a few occasions , so forgot the time and concentrated on making it in one piece . tomorrow is a rest day , as i have a league xc race at whitby on sunday - feel cold just thinking about it !
NEU i 'm going to do the hotel switch today . mind you lot sound as though you 'll be miles ahead
NEU i do n't think it is cheating really , if you run against the virtual runner on the watch is that not smilar to a pace maker which most top distance races have these days anyway ?
NEG wardi - just pops in to say i too found the wind just a tad much today . i could cope with running into the wind and hardly moving , it was being dragged up a hill by the force of the gales near a main road and having no control over my legs !!!!!!! cut short my run after 6 miles too . hope it 's calmed down for my 20 miler on sunday . enjoy your weekend and your rest day in particular !
POS hello boys and girls ... lots of good running going on and lots of good banter - who are all of you people anyway ??! just got back in from my trip to the smoke - had a good run this morning from pimlico to birdcage walk and the mall - raised my hand s in victory as i crossed the finish line . . 6.30 in the morning and no-one was looking ... ran towards trafalgar sq , took a left to run along the embankment but got lost and ended up in birdcage walk again and ran past the finish line again ... . then found the river and finished off my 7.5 miles . just 2 observations - it 's very very flat !! well at least compared to up north . and secondly , nobody says hello to you when they run . . again very different from up here . looking forward to the snow in a few days - that ; ll stuff the training ...
NEG ohamd , . not any better . i was going to go out today as the weather was so good in the midlands , but as it was cold and i still have the sniffles and a cough , i decided not to risk it . if i had , i know i would have been out of action for another week or so . it seems to take ages to get rid of a cold when you get older . i think the plan for the next week is out of the window and when i can get back running , it will just be getting some miles in . . hope the rest of you keep away from the colds etc. .
NEU ltsa - i think you are spot on , about not getting injured , but pushing you just enough ... ... and of course enjoying the run !! are you used to running that pace ? cause i will need someone to keep me on track , although i will have my trusty -LRB- mostly -RRB- , garmin 305 with me !!
NEU take some tissues and try not to make your ` issues ' the main thing on your mind all the time relax and hopefully enjoy ... it is a beautifull day today for running ...
NEU great run benyo - it sounds lovely down there ... ... ... i managed my 16 miles - at least 8 or 9 miles were straight into the teeth of the wind . however , i did n't feel as bad as i thought i would even though uphill into the wind is n't my favourite occupation ! completed in 2hrs 20min so i was really quite pleased as its a hilly route . now i 'm shattered though , so i 'm laid on the couch watching the rugby . . something strange has happend to my left foot ! along the outside edge at the bottom it has developed a big red/black bruise during my run ! did n't hurt as i ran and does n't hurt now ... ... ... anyone any ideas ? i know i 'm overdue for new shoes but keep putting it off as these are like an old pair of slippers now . hope you all enjoy the rest of the weekend - i 'm routing for your mum benyo ... ...
POS hail hail . confess to preferring the 1 hour stint option -LRB- purely cos i aint got the reall speed in my legs , but stamina i 'm ok -RRB- , but i 'll defer to the majority opinion . . nts - quick question . i 've been looking at flights . due to family commitments , it would be better for me to get a friday morning flight down . is this going to be a big problem , if i 'm not there for the start ? i 'd prefer to be in all the photos obviously , but is it crucial ?
POS laugh out loud tt my kid brother is 27 this year !!!!!!! took 5 miles to catch you at wokingham :--RRB- . tr , as usual i would say something different to the others and suggest you did a progressive run with only about 6 miles late on at planned mp but thats just me . 6 @ 7.15-7 .30 . 6 @ 7-7 .15 . 6 @ planned mp . 2 easy . if you can run between 2.15 and 2.25 with relative ease you will be able to run a sub 3 marathon .
NEU evening everyone . . did llanelli today ... madwelsh it was nice to meet you too . sorry we did n't get much time to chat but i guess after a hard race is n't the best time anyway . i was feeling really nauseous at that point . EMO_HAPPY that 's the second time i 've felt sick after a hm . has anyone else experienced that ? my hm pb is 219 but i only managed 2:25 today which , actually , on the back of all the hard work we 've been doing lately , is n't that bad i guess . it was really windy too . the training must be paying off though because i 'm not as stiff and sore as when i did lake vyrnwy half ... shame they 're not doing that this year ... tis a lovely race . sd that vid made me all emotional too ! . as for all the niggles , i 've a few that come and go . i 've suffered with pf for ages now but it only seems to affect me when i 've been inactive for a while , it does n't stop me running . it band ... i 'm aware of it but as soon as i get a twinge -LRB- and this goes for all my other niggles -RRB- i have a sports massage ... i 'm covered in bruises but they seem to do the trick ! good look for the coming week everyone ...
NEG brian , . very short term plan is to get out of work as early as possible today - 9pm finish on tuesday , wednesday and thursday has left me cream-crackered ! and i need to go to the gym as only exercise this week has been 2 x 5 miles @ 7.35 m/m , which is hardly top-end stuff ... in terms of training , plan is to introduce some short and fairly gentle speedwork next week , so that my 3 runs of 5/6 miles each week are something approaching quality work and to do longer , lower hr sessions in the gym . then i 'll test the waters with either a 10k or a leg of the midlands road relays the first weekend in april and take it from there . i 'm probably being over-cautious -LRB- gobi would be proud ! -RRB- but having been in pain even walking for 10 days i 'm scared of pushing things now . better safe than sorry and all that .
POS geoff m - just read back that you are starting at blue start . think you may be a bit quick for me tho ' ! i 'm going to try and find the sub 4.30 pace maker and stick like glue ! how about you will you pace youself ? EMO_HAPPY
NEU thanks wa . < wanders off to find thread to add own angst >
NEU hi everybody . good to see you are all doing well keep it up . had quite a hectic week so ive only managed a 4 mile hill session at gym on tuesday and two 7 miler on friday and today but ill just keep plodding on . busy at work next week we have the cheltenham gold cup races going on at our hotel lots of irish spending there hard earned cash on the horses , ill see if i can get any good tips off them . i purchase some new trainers back in jan and ive now done 180mile in them does anybody think i should get some more now ready for april . take cake all . mark
POS gd - just replied to your thread , yep he was going quickly ! and , yes ... i 'm sure that last mile was at least two . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU lardarse - are those your legs ? to the question do they look like women 's legs ? my answer is have you met my wife ? you seem to have a thing for shiny medals ! tutu - hopefully swimming and long taper will get rid of whatever it is you have before doctor gets round to finding it . eastham - it was susan who asked if you were lardarse not me . lardarse is on fetch so i know he is not you , and you are n't him
NEG picked up a calf niggle on last night 's run , . was still hoping to do tonight 's planned track session but after a gentle 4 mile warm up it was feeling worse not better so decided to skip it . do n't think it 's anything too serious , just a bit of tightness -LRB- i hope ? -RRB- , probably caused by the faster-than-normal 20 miler on sunday . not long to go now tr . i 've just about had enough of the high volume and endless long runs too . quite looking forward to having a few easy weeks after flm then targeting something shorter .
POS thanks for the pics lep recorn , i think it looks like there could still be enough room -LRB- though we have to bear in mind other members of the public will need to be able to get past us -RRB- ? . what does anyone else think ?
NEG hi , . this is my first post so go easy . i 've been training for the flm -LRB- my first marathon -RRB- since december and looking for a sub 3:30 as i have stuck to my weekly garmin training for that time . this week is supposed to be my hardest week -LRB- 56 miles -RRB- , with a 22 miler run this weekend . however , i have picked up a couple of minor injuries and dont know what to do . . first injury : - i have recently been getting knee pains , which i think is runners knee . i have tried to keep my training up , only missing a few short runs so far . i have also started running with a knee starp which helps until i finish when i get a bit of pain . second injury : - i 'm not sure what this injury is but dont think it relates to my training , i 've had it before some time ago . it 's a pain in the arch of my foot when i 'm walking , it 's not bad at the moment but i 'm guessing that it might get worse an end up as a sharp pain in the arch . the irritating thing about this is that i brought it on today when i went shopping with some new trainers on -LRB- not running trainers -RRB- . i have spoke to other people about this -LRB- non runners too -RRB- and they also say they have had it from new shoes \ trainers . i was hoping that while i taper my running over the next few weeks my injuries would get better but dont want to stop training yet if i can help it . any suggestions ? thanks
POS actually friday would be ideal - the relatives might appear on saturday ...
NEU loach
POS ode - so does this mean that you 're officially fit ? good stuff ! gobi - this treadmill with a view over the alps - not in the shiny new -LRB- ish -RRB- town centre gym by any chance ? next to the rowing machines looking out over a gently sloping chair lift ? EMO_HAPPY . gah ! another list that billy-no-maramates here does n't qualify for . sod it , i 'll do me own ! philpub start : champs elysees halfway : 1:21 - ish prediction : sub 2:45 . * sets tt as virtual running partner on the garmin ... *
POS nn , i think we should be at the expo for around 2pm friday -LRB- by the time we go to hotel , dump our stuff and get round to excel -RRB- . i will e-mail you my mobile number , so you can ring/text me when you get there . i may go for a massage too and have a look around . you 're welcome to come to my hotel for shower afterwards if you like , have you tried booking in there ? they may still have rooms available and have let us keep the rooms on for the last 5 years , so it 's a good bet they will this year too , porridge in the morning too ! . i 've wound down so much , i think i 've gone into ` sleep ' mode . as you were all doing 10 milers at marathon pace yesterday , i was doing 5k in the road relays , so quite a difference ! went out for 3 miles at mp this morning before work and tomorrow night is another track session -LRB- 6 x 400m @ 6 min pace -RRB- , 6 on wednesday morning @ mp and 10 x 200m strides on thursday , then 2 days rest . think i 've been a little too laid back during the taper period !!! EMO_HAPPY . nick , my race plan is to start off at 8.15-8 .20 pace and then pick it up at 14-15 if feeling good by then -LRB- and weather permitting -RRB- . at least we found a good bush for going to the toilet at the green start , no way i 'm queueing for toilets , there just are n't enough and when you got ta go , you got ta go . puffy , hope the shins are feeling better and not as tender . beders , that damn hamstring ! i blame those creme eggs myself ! i 'm sure you can keep it under control with some icing and careful training this week , enough to get you round flm before it gets properly sorted anyway . ls , some grim happenings in your area , not nice , but i guess it can happen anywhere . good to see you are still breezing along -LRB- in your lycra leotard -RRB- , so now i know what to look out for on sunday !!! we will be at the hotel from around 5pm when we get back from the expo on friday , what time do you get there ? euph , temp . certainly plumetted yesterday & you 'll be glad that you did n't run the northern relays . the men ran legs 7-12 in a blizzard and could hardly see where they were going ! luckily most of the ladies teams had finished by the time the snow really came down in golf-ball sized flakes . i ran the 4th leg over 5k in a time of 20.58 on a bumpy course , so quite pleased with that in my ` warm-down ' week . our team was 13th from 33 in 1.57 , so qualified for the national road relays . clairster , will meet you at the expo around 2 -LRB- ish -RRB- on friday , will text you EMO_HAPPY . moggie , you 'll be flying along as usual from the elite start , it must be great to start at 9am and get away ahead of the crowds - good luck , although you do n't need it ! womble , great long run , knew you 'd be fine ! roll on copenhagen EMO_HAPPY . cp , great new pb , that must feel good !! well done EMO_HAPPY
NEG oh bugger , the phone 's ringing .
POS team - you have important mail ! blimey ... it 's all a bit close now !
NEG that was a very sleepless night ! . not sure i fancy this porridge . .
POS its my intention to achieve a gfa time in the next twelve months . i have various half ironman distance triathlons until september and then intend to try and put the training time into running over the winter period , crack the gfa -LRB- 3.15 time as i am now 40 -RRB- early next year and then concentrate on triathlons again knowing i can enter flm or ny etc without the hassle of ballots
NEG i have a hang over today ... first since my birthday on 2nd january . cant cope with them these days - back on the wagon tonight ... we just had a couple of friends round for a takeaway curry and there was some champers left from people bringing it over post flm and so i set out to drink it . . and then some wine when it was finished ... had a heated argument about ken vs boris for london mayor and woke up feeling like s *** e. EMO_HAPPY
POS marders . you never know with me about the 6mms : ~ -RRB- but i can confirm that tom is not my brother but the similarity has been noticed . padams . rach says well done to you .
NEU bej - good to hear it 's clearing up . i 'd hazard a guess that your 'em barassingly slow ' pace is still quicker than anything i 'm doing ;--RRB-
NEG tony , 5-1 , and mcallister who attended the game spent the second half on the bog crapping himself . all being well i shall be at wembley , wearing my askern 10m , 2006 teeshirt -LRB- 62:01 , second m55 -RRB- . ld : the regents park run i refered to was round the outside , albeit the uphill anticlockwise route . other london parks i 've run round include st james , hyde , green , battersey , richmond , bushey , ravenscourt , paddington rec , , primrose hill , hampstead heath , hainault woods , wimbledon common , ruislip woods and ealing common ... oh and wormwood scrubs . and one two weeks ago , whose name i forget ... best wishes from south lincolnshire where we do n't have parks .
POS rb - think i 'll be up for sat evening food and you 've got some knowledge of decent places to go i would imagine . however , it will be me plus 3 -LRB- girlfriend also running the marathon , and parents , not running ! -RRB- - assuming they 're all welcome . good to hear the course is reasonably sheltered , although they 've changed their mind now and reduced the wind slightly but it 's coming from the other direction ! dull - you must be reasonably pleased with that if it was n't a full-on effort . ` race ' report from me - 30th in 36:50 ish -LRB- 19 minute first 5k and 17:50 ish second 5k -RRB- . very pleased with my restraint , which was helped by running with a clubmate also doing edinburgh . it was fun flying past people in the last km ! obviously i 'm not able to disclose coro 's result ...
NEG daz , you forgot about the all venomous critters -LRB- scorpions , snakes , etc , -RRB- out there . i 'd leave that one to bear grylls ; he likes eating scorpions for breakfast . sandstorms , too . and it gets bloody cold at night .
POS happy birthday ltsa !!! . had a brilliant day yesterday and managed a pb !!! completed the half marathon in 2 hrs and 15 mins !!!! very proud of myself . . my relay partner did it in 2 hrs flat on her first race !!! so overall i think we were done in 4 hrs 15 for the whole marathon ! i saw shades going around and she looked tired but doing great EMO_HAPPY very very hot day there and some hills that got the better of me -LRB- hills to me anyway !!! -RRB- but most fun race i 've done and very proud to do it at home !
NEG intervals today which i was a bit sceptical about , one mile wu/cd with 3 x 1.5 around bushey park , with 0.5 recoveries . 10:37 , 10:40 , 10:39 for the 1.5 's , quite hard work by the third one but got through it ok . the hr was up to around 83-84 , so still a bit lower effort than i should be putting in for interval , but although sore , the leg and foot were fine throughout which was the main thing .
NEG wt - will be thinking of you today . i spoke at my sister ' funeral . i knew i could n't not , and although tough to do , it helped to have happy moments to talk about , and made getting through the day more bearable . i hope you can help give her the send-off she deserved .
NEU hail hail . why am i not surprised .
NEG same here sb.i think yesterday 's heat surprised a few people , even up here . i did a 10k and found it hard work , then straight to pj 's football match where we found a kid 's triathlon taking place with a cycle course across our pitch . so off to the opposition 's pitch where we got beat 3-1 including a robinsonesque howler from pj . liverpool failed to beat stoke ; chelsea failed to beat man u. after all that , the 10k results were up and on top of being 2 seconds slower than my last race on my watch , they have got me down as 20 seconds slower than my watch time . on the positive-macc half next week , followed by congleton the week after .
NEG multiple x-posts for me -LRB- must be really slow -RRB- . brian - nice track session . have to say not looking forward to the 20 on a weekday . -LRB- i probably wo n't be able to start until 7:00 pm as well EMO_HAPPY -RRB- . mtr - sorry to hear the not so good track session . rm - bugger , good luck with the new mission
NEG it 's tricky is n't it ?
NEU tt - my best opportunity to have run a mara would have been 2005 -LRB- i know it 's not `` when i were a lad '' , but it 's still long enough ago for me to get misty eyed about it -RRB- . i 'd had 3 months at 90 + mpw , an hm of 79:05 , but no long runs over 18m so i reckon i would have breezed it to 20m , thereafter i 'm not sure . now i 've got several dodgy bits that just ca n't cope with the pounding - to the extent that yesterdays 15m has given reason for concern . my september stats are . miles 238 . ave pace 7:14 . max week : 57 miles . min week : 52 miles . rest days : 0 . races : 1 . wins : 1 - well sort of , if you exclude the 21 under 60 's in front of me .
NEG just read back . congrats and commiserations in equal measures all round . . sorry for not posting but i 've been a bit busy and now have a cold .
POS lol , thomas will be very toasty . the baby jogger has a muff and a rain cover too . not sure about the pb though ha ha EMO_HAPPY . good luck hippo with your 10k .
NEU erm ... . .
NEG sorry blisters , the head won ! our road was an ice rink but once you got onto the more main roads it was fine , so i might have to put this down as a missed opportunity . suffice to say that 20 minutes on a bike this morning and various parts of me feel as though they 're about to fall off with the cold .
POS on the subject of projecting mara times off half-m 's - i do know of a couple of ladies who have broken 3:15 -LRB- only just -RRB- off a half time of 1:31 / 1:32 . i do n't know of any blokes that have done it however which rather re-inforces my theory that girlies are slightly better suited to long distance running . the simple fact is that the quicker you can run your half-m 's , 10 mile races etc then the more comfortable sub 7:25 pace will feel on marathon day . i tend to do 8 or 9 20 + mile runs in the build up , the 5 longest usually add up to about 110 miles . i have found the midweek ` mid ' long runs of 11-15 miles have also improved my performances in the last couple of years . in line with ex-pat 's thinking , i try not to do 20 mile runs on consecutive weekends if at all possible . lorenzo . my 3:18 in 2000 was the last time i failed to break 3:15 . being only 3 mins adrift should give you confidence aplenty to have a good go at it next time . . 11.5 m run home last night . about 9m with the club tonight .
POS intervals - done ! actually really quite enjoyed them . how bizarre . the poxy hrm is bonkers though , i think it worked at the start , then gave it up . maybe because its scared of the readings ? anyway , the vital statistics , for those who so like them go a little something like this : . distance : 4.36 m. time : 42:16 . pace : 9.40 mi . average hr : 122bpm EMO_HAPPY . our easy bits came in at about 11mi , our intervals 8.35 mi , except for the last one , which was up hill and so was 9.3 mi . not bad ! now i need a serious dunk in a hot bath . will try not to fall asleep and drown .
POS does anyone know if there 's somewhere to find out what time you predicted for yourself ? i ca n't remember at all whether i said 3.30 or 3.45 . . or do i just need to wait and see which pen they 've allocated me to ? -LRB- i never thought for a moment that i 'd actually get in through the ballot , but now i 've got a place i 've committed publicly to trying to get 3.30 !! -RRB-
NEG i am following the 3:45 schedule too om but not so rigorously , i am doing lsr , the two longer midweek runs , plus one run with our group , usually a thursday , which is usually 4 or 5 intervals of around a mile and a half but there is dedicated speed session and a hill session too in rotation but i find i have to hold back a little or i get overtired . and i ususally miss the saturday run . so it could be argued that i 'm not really following it at all really ! just back from 7 miles in an easy hour , and off for a shin-saving cold shower before a meal and dvd with mrs puffy .
NEU br , you are a 34.0 x machine mate nice . jock , great run mate . race report today . 8th place oxford mail league cross country . learned this year that i am not that slow so have started going off a lot harder , settled in around 15th place -LRB- always a few flamers on the 1st lap -RRB- moved up a few places and started the 2nd lap just around the top10 and racing 2 chaps . working well we all took another place and then i got ahead of the 3 . worked the climb and headed out onto lap 3 with a small gap in 8th place . pushed hard into the wind to try to force a gap -LRB- gave myself a stitch -RRB- . it worked well and i recovered in the trees and headed for home . all in all a good run and the best bit , my knees feel fine !!!! worst part about todays xc was all the ribbing about the picture and article in runners world . even people who do n't always talk that much ribbed us both .
NEU sarah what a great run today ... you must be pleased to get that out of the way with a lot of us doing our lsr 's tommorrow . great time as well . i aiming to be at 18 at 2hrs 50 on the day so you are storming it !! keep it up . hardly any snow in hull this week so managed 3 shorter road runs and now getting focused for a 16 miler tommorrow morning ... . but its freezing cold outside already and forecast for minus 2 first thing . cant say i am looking forward to the first 2 or 3 miles . skins on the radiator tonight ! emily can you send any nec routes to me ... . i am there at a show at the end of feb and need an excuse to escape the bar and to down a third or fourth sparkling mineral water . . god it can be boring sometimes being a runner . had some second thoughts about the ` sub 4.20 ' on the back of my top ... as i am worried i might not achieve this on the day ... but have decided to go for it anyway as i am confident jagman will locate me and carry me to the end if my pace is too slow !! off for a big bowl of noodles ... hopefully catch up tommorrow .
NEG ode : . good to catch up yesterday . i managed a few more afterwards and ended up with 15 at just under 7:15 pace for the lot . was tooooo cold towars the end though when the proper snow was starting to fall . legs like blocks of ice when i 'd done . wo n't be there this wednesday btw , but time and venue is the same , you 'll get a warm up getting there which is good as last time they went pretty much straigh tin to 5 x5 minutes on the old railway line . off to do an interval session with my club shortly . pug : you coming out to the half on sunday regardless or only if you get a number ?
NEU icclesuez - hello ! EMO_HAPPY just cross posted across you , sorry . well done on the race . which one did you do and how did it go ?
POS in a nts style , i spent the flight back from lisbon doing some hr/pace analysis . using the fetch beats/mile calculation as a good basis , and eliminating runs under 8 miles to reduce the effect of the early miles and low hr -LRB- plus it strips out all the interval sessions -RRB- . i then set a baseline of the first quarter of 2007 -LRB- when i was training for my 1st marathon , and bought an hrm -RRB- . i came up with the following stats : . 2007 . q1 100 % . q2 94 % . q3 92 % . q4 88 % . 2008 . q1 86 % . q2 87 % . q3 88 % . q4 85 % . 2009 . q1 84 % . which is broadly what i expected . steady improvement until march 2008 , then a dip in fitness with london , post-london and the summer , then a return to form in the autumn . quite surprised to see that i 'm apparently running faster for less effort than a year ago - but this quarter is n't done yet , and the margin is quite slight . 16 % improvement in pace/hr implies something like 1:20 mm pace improvement at easy pace -LRB- from 8:30 to 7:10 -RRB- and from 7:20 hm pace to about 6:10 pace .
POS nice runs bramley boys . just waiting to hear from marders now i think ... although i 'm prepared to be impressed . marmite - wow , great time . all the sweeter for having had to work so hard to hang in there with the group . hard the first time but now that you have broken through to a new level it will get easier and easier . i wanted to run the tumbridge wells hm today -LRB- kent champs -RRB- but could n't as it filled surprisingly quickly . instead i ended up making a longer trip to dover to run a hm there instead with a long w/u and c/d to make just shy of 19m . an annoyingly hilly second half with a strong head wind made for a very tough slow return . did about 36.30 to half-way and then struggled into the wind to come home in 76.54 . clearly all the fast runners were at tw because my time happened to net me the win ! first time for everything ... but pleasing given the time in the saddle yesterday . now where 's my pug - ometer . 78m for the week plus just shy of 5 hours swimming and cycling . keep em coming .
POS ok , here is the original plan for this week : . week 7 -LRB- how did it get to week 7 already ? :-LRB- -RRB- . sun - rest . mon -- choose an undulating route so that hills are naturally included into the run . aim to run for 50-60 mins with 5 x 5 mins @ threshold built in . this is best run as 5 min easy/5 min threshold repeated throughout . try to include the hills naturally but cut the pace and maintain the effort when running up hill . let yourself go downhill . . tues -- rest -LRB- but i 'm going to do monday 's run here and rest on monday instead -RRB- . wed -- pilates as normal . thurs -- group run of 60 mins with the first 30 easy and the last 30 @ marathon pace . . fri -- rest . sat -- 2 hours 20 mins all controlled and relaxed . except i 've got the bourton 10k on sunday , and i 'm not sure just yet how its going to fit in . more when i 've spoken to nick ...
POS hi all . roger , very sound advice everyone should follow . i 've done the last 3 flms -LRB- taking a break this year but will be back in 2010 -RRB- with advice from people on this forum thread and its been invaluable . half the training is in your mind so i love your run to work and home again suggestion . even though i only live 4 miles from work -LRB- 3 on the short cut -RRB- i ca n't usually run in as i have to take my boy to school first ... but this week is half term so i may well give it a go ! not long to go now then dave ... do you know its a boy ? i 'll guess at a girl and 8lb 12 . good going caro . i had a busy weekend but did 10k before breakfast on saturday morning and 4 miles at 6.30 today !
NEG ` it 's cold outside , no kind of atmosphere , we 're all alone ... '
NEG help , my toenails feel like they are going to fall off - does anyone know what i can do to ease the pain ? the two toes next to my big toe are really sore from the run on sunday , they are not totally black , but sort of brownish and very sore to touch . i have plasters on them to try and cushion from the top of my shoes , but am so worried they are going to drop off . last nights run was agony , not just the toe nails but my heel as well , and i had to keep stopping to stretch out very tight calves . i do n't think my ` free ' sports massage did much good .
NEG ff ... if its any consolation -LRB- hope i spelt that right mum of ff -RRB- i had a foot injury this time last year and couldnt put any weight on it . rested it for a couple of days and all was fine . rest but dont panic !!! wotsit ... probably shouldnt mention it on here but loving your thread ;--RRB- i too am shattered . trouble is non-running friends and family have no sympathy and come up with helpful sugestions such as ` take a couple of weeks off ' . ah bless em . ttl ... nothing nicer at this stage of the training plan than 2 speed sessions a week !!!!!! sezz ... belated thanks for the advice . have managed to find a local practicioner from the link you sent . . now just need to book it !!!
POS thanks wotsit , it 's good to know nick 's thoughts and that you and tb are doing something similar . i know i should have faith as the schedule seems to have been good so far .
NEU nice one tr . easy does it now . rb - gutted for you but glad the little one is ok . dinner sounds fab . very jealous . fancy a jog round with mtr , brian , tr and myself in a few weeks . just over 20 for me this morning . after a day spent plastering yesterday i was achy as buggery this morning and not looking forward to another load this afternoon . still glad , i resisted temptation to go out . i , too was gloves , 2 tops -LRB- hh +1 -RRB- , shorts though as i 'm not gay and loads of people out in vests . unless it 's 2007 temps , i 'll be wearing gloves on the 26th .
POS yes a good thing - the endurance phase is pretty much over now - you have done all the really hard stuff and now can just focus on feeling sharper and getting some speed back into your legs . rest up , stay healthy and look forward to the next 3 weeks and running the best marathon of your life
NEG x-post ant . two bits of advice : . 1 . if ` quad is a bit tight and sensitive when i crouch or sit on my haunches ' - do n't ;--RRB- . 2 . more seriously , be very careful with anti-inflammatories . mate had injury in lead up to flm07 and was taking anti 's daily . got to about 23miles and up came all the lucozade , and blood , and he ` lost ' an hour in st johns ambulance . lots of tests afterwards found no damage other than temporary thinning of stomach lining but to the anti-inflam 's . all the best . jezza
NEG wabo wrote . and full of gobbling frenchmen , `` what were they gobbling ? the dirty frenchies ;--RRB-
POS sue , they will do , after another two weeks of taper !
POS hi all - just got back from the expo . it was great - bit of hassle getting there - its so far the ` other side ' of london for me . it started with ` the london marathon music ' as you walked in - so that puts you in the right mood and slightly emotional ! . the registration was painless and actually took about a minute as there was no-one in my queue . . lots of different nutrition stands giving out samples - bit late to change your race nutrition now - but there were some interesting stuff like gel cubes which look like jelly cubes and sort of melt in the mouth and each cube held the same carb value as one gel . they come in packs of 5 and are really compact - god i sound like i work for them . lol . look out for them ... lots of charity stalls , and clothing stuff . and if you go to the pasta party then you do hear some interesting stuff ... although i think the price is a little steep ... and you can hear the same thing if you just stand and watch outside the area . my sister wrote a huge good luck wish for me on the adidas wall which was really sweet . oh it was all fun ... and has made it feel even more exciting and scarily close . yikes . . lots of freebies - bottle of cranberry sauce in the goody bag which is a little odd . . free beer stand as well - but no use for me in my no alcohol regimen that i am strictly adhering to ! . i hope you all it enjoy as much as i did EMO_HAPPY
NEG sj , 167 is not 85 % of 188 . metcheck says heavy rain for the duration . . coro , i had a stinker yesterday too .
NEG getting fed up of trying but i am sticking with it . . a bit peev ` ed that the site yesterday said it would be open for the ballot at 9am and it seems it opened much earlier . . then crashed . getting v frustrated and annoyed now . -LRB- hope the race admin is better -RRB-
NEG on the recovery side of things pfitzinger and douglas are very strong about not rushing back : . ` you have little to gain by rushing back into training , and your risk of injury is exceptionally high at this point , owing to the reduced resiliency of your muscles and connective tissue after the marathon . the -LRB- recovery -RRB- schedule starts with 2 days off from running , which is the bare minimum of time away from running you should allow yourself . if you still have acute soreness or tightness so severe that it will alter your form , or if you just do n't feel like running , certainly feel free to take more than 2 days off . if ever there was a time to lose your marathoner 's mind-set , the week after your goal race is it . . not running now will increase your chances of being inspired to resume hard training when your body allows it . of course , some people do n't consider themselves real runners unless they run pretty much every day of their lives . plod through a few miles if you must , but be aware that you 're prolonging your recovery . ' -LRB- p169 -RRB- . p & d do go on to advocate light cross-training such as swimming or cycling and walking .
NEU thanks EMO_HAPPY . done more disks this morning and have emailed everyone telling them that the `` runners world email-me '' thing is pants and asking for addresses to flmdvd . f9.co.uk . if your name is ` mike steele ' your blackberry keeps bouncing my emails ! mail me your details !
NEU you 're allowed to be girly jw EMO_HAPPY i must stop biting my nails EMO_HAPPY stopped last year , but started again recently , do n't know why . anyone heard from sp lately ? was just thinking she 's not been about for a while . sp where areeeeeeee youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu ? hope you 're okay ! was just looking at events to sign up for - hoping to do a half marathon in november in fort william EMO_HAPPY i 've actually got a place in the loch ness marathon in october , but not sure if i 'm going to go for it . better decide soon , otherwise they can reallocate my place for me ... . looking forward to getting back into it properly though EMO_HAPPY
NEG rb - even for you that is a shocker of an outfit . who did you borrow that off danny la rue ? surprised tr has n't pulled you up on it . selbs - gutted . hope things are n't as bad as they seem .
POS ha ha , who is home first ? 19 stops on the district line in 30 minutes . hope you all got home safely . great to meet hen , eastham , susan , howard , coxy & mr m. look forward to seeing howards pics . a most enjoyable evening even if a few too many calories were consumed EMO_HAPPY . congrats step-grandad didds EMO_HAPPY . hello tutu , we are all a bit tipsy tooooooo ! EMO_HAPPY i have to be at work at 8 as well . EMO_HAPPY
NEG ironman , . i cant get on your web page , so perhaps it would be better to use the forum .
NEU anyone know if many of the places allocated to the charities end up unused ? i recently ran ny , getting a lottery place , but decided to raise money for `` get kids going '' anyway . however , it 's a bit much for me to go back to all my friends/workmates , now and ask them to give me more money to run another one .
POS thanks alan for correct flm number . as expected fleece is in the post .
NEU h - how far ?
NEG 1/2 marathon race this sunday . not sure if i 'm looking forward to it or not .
NEU monday : speed session on the treadmill -LRB- 3 * 10 minute fast with 4 minute recoveries -RRB- . tuesday : 4 miles off road . wednesday : 6 miles steady with a few surges . thursday : warm up 3 fast miles warm down . friday : rest . saturday : 18 miler .
NEG woony , i think eddie was talking about me . i tend to plod behind and looked close to death after 13 last saturday ! sitting here i 'd love to do 18 but will prob change my mind whilst running , especially with those hills .
POS well six of one , half a dozen of the other . i did say that the pace for the get you round group needs to be about about 12 min miles . which if you then take a time based training schedule would give the distance !! in last years ` get you round '' john `` the penquin '' bingham came in at 5hrs 36mins which is approx 12min 45secs / mile
POS this is a great thread and i 'm so glad that im not going totally crazy and that the flm is consuming other people lives as well ! between the marathon dreams , working out mileage , worrying about every little ache or pain , thinking about my blisters etc. . it 's a wonder i can fit the training ! good luck to everyone
NEG if the times were only 15 minutes slower than the men 's qualifying times then there just would n't be enough women qualifying . sad but true . . i seem to remember that the championship women 's qualifying time used to be 3 hours but was dropped in fairly recent years due to the lack of women qualifying . i 've even known the odd woman get a championship place when she has n't got 3.15 but just over and this never happens for the men . in 2000 there were approx 6,000 women in total running the flm compared to 24,000 men ! the same goes for the women championship places going off with the elite rather than starting behind them . there 's only about 100 at the start of the women 's race in total . whereas there are hundreds of championship male entrants . . rm -LRB- hoping to qualify this year for the sub 3.45 guaranteed future entry time -RRB- .
NEU i was out all last week feeling rough - got back into it on monday doing 12 miles , so i would say you 'd be ok
POS if anyone wants a laugh -LRB- apart from watching the cricket -RRB- , check out the ` brazilian or hollywood ' thread on ufrc page !
NEU i use pocketses
POS i 'd run with you marcus .
POS had a good 21.5 miles in 2:57 , so feeling good for the day now . one more long run next week , then ease up at last .
POS i will when i move to stourbridge , they sound really friendly . unfortunately , the cardiff club was too fast for me , and think that 12 min miles is walking !
NEG i really ca n't see something like this being a target . ca n't think of any precedents for attacks on sporting events like this . hardly likely to win any sympathy for their cause .
NEG this is the site but i think you will be too late for a gold bond place , there was a deadline for the entries .
NEU i take it before i start my runs , i did think of trying it about then too . no opinion to offer on the danger though EMO_HAPPY
POS i 'm putting fatbutfit on mine - hopefully other forumites will recognise me
POS yeah ... ... ... ... ... ... . . !!!!!!!
POS thanks for the info guys - very helpful . i seem to be the only one of us going from the red start - i guess i will be somewhere around the rw pacer as well . good luck
POS if you have name on front and back run on outside of the main runners the crowd will see you and give you that pick me up you may need , down themall last year the crowd lifted me of my feet and glided me across the line , it rearly does help
NEU thanks for your advice - i 've decided to scrap any notion of doing the diet . i was dreading having to do it anyway . sine i had a bad marathon experience the first time , i just seem to be looking for ways to get through more comfortably the final 5/6 miles when you enter the ` unknown ' . but probably the best thing as has been said is to take it easy the first half of the race .
NEU yes , but not too soon . would like to do dublin , but also want each marathon to be my best shot and train well . it has to fit into your life and other commitments . personally do n't want to fall into trap of ` collecting ' marathons , underperforming and picking up long term overuse injuries which then have a habit of reappearing . my immediate goals are improving 10k and 1/2m times this year .
POS jim , i am nervous for all of you lot ... if i do n't see you again jim , good luck and enjoy EMO_HAPPY
POS morning snoopy !
NEU hard luck . i blew up at the 16 mile mark last year . but that was because of a lack of training ! it took me 2 and a half hours to do the last 10 miles . well done anyway , though . you still beat my pb by over 15 mins . bb . p.s. did you drink enough ?
NEU ali . i was the ` other ' get you round pacer yesterday . i split from john at mile 16 -LRB- deliberately ! -RRB- to carry on at approx 12 min/mile pace while he dropped back . . i finished in 5:27 from the gun . john did n't have a good day and walked in the last few miles .
POS well done everyone . i was doing ok till about 15miles then slowed dramatically . finished in 4.42.54 according to my watch but flm site showed 4.57 last night which i reckon was my gun time . i did n't enjoy it as much as last year but i think that was a combination of the heat and subconcious pressure on myself to go sub 4.30 . still , i finished and i can walk today and even the stairs are n't too much of a challenge ! see you all next year ?
NEG batfink , that pit bull passed me as well , lead and all.i was looking for his championchip .
POS for some reason i just thought it would be really funny if paula were to run next year 's london marathon in a womble suit or something . the look on ndereba 's face as she gets beaten by three minutes by a womble would be hilarious . so - what costumer should paula wear ?
POS it felt great to me , but that was because my wife and several friends were in the grandstand . once i 'd spotted them and seen my wife holding a camera to her face , i suddenly managed to run faster -LRB- even sprint , or that 's what it felt like -RRB- . i do n't remember the noise , particularly , but it was a great moment !
NEU show-offs the pair of you !
NEG ok , for some reason i do n't seem to be able to put the link in so go to :
POS i seem to remember overhearing someone on the lucozade stand at the marathon expo saying that the drink handed out during the marathon was slightly different from the stuff you buy in the shops - they had made it slightly less sweet to make it easier to take in . can anyone confirm this ?
NEU i do n't think i 'll be able to time it that close -LRB- especially if it 's as warm as it was this year -RRB- . . just hope to be able to pass big ben and be confidant that the clock will be 3:29:59 or less when finishing ...
POS i would never had started without the ` get you round ' run/walk principle . it works !! in this group you are doing for yourselves , not against the clock . you find you do it for others in the same boat around you !! go for it .
NEU will have a look tonight an let you know - nathan just lent about 15 dvd 's to his friend in bristol though so may have a sparse selection ! i have geri yoga if you 'd like to borrow that !
NEG ` also there 's no guarantee i 'll make it to the start line , ca n't legislate for injuries etc. ' . not bottling out already are you richard ?
NEU but its flat - the cobbles are ok if you look out - and there 's only about 200 yards of them
NEU i 've got 118 75
NEG still waiting now expecting to be wearing a new watch . gutted ... got to look at golden bond now or this time next year i 'll be fat and unfit -LRB- ter -RRB-
POS swedwr why do n't you think about joining the sunday run from hove too , currently they are doing about 12.5 , all abilities so you would find your pacer easy enough .
POS - race time calculator . - type in your known time for any distance and it will give predicted time for all distances -LRB- provided you do the appropriate training ! -RRB- .
NEG i like doing speed sessions on the tready too - as has been said it pushes you . had my longest run last night , 15 miles , absolute sh1te . the previous long run was 13.5 and i could easily have done another 3 , last night i blew up at 11 and shuffled the last mile in around 11 minutes , which for me is very slow . bollox . hopefully just a temporary set back .
POS hi matt . i said i 'd let you know re . long runs . our plan is to set off from brookwood bridge on the b ` stoke canal at 10:30 tomorrow morning , running up to woking and on to byfleet and back round in some way -LRB- not quite sure of route as yet -RRB- . we 're aiming for a couple of hours/1/2 m distance . there 'll be me and my friend maxine and her other half john -LRB- aka ` coach ' -RRB- on his pusher with a mileometer and stopwatch just to make sure we do n't cheat - as if ! do n't feel obliged just happy to support fellow flmers . plod on . lise
POS last night was +12 miles at 6 ' 55 '' pace . felt great not to be plodding . i know what you all mean about city / country running . i 'm moving to a house right at the end of the gnr . you can run along the edge of the cliffs -LRB- national trust land -RRB- from south shields along to sunderland and then come back over the hills and countryside of cleadon -LRB- past safc 's academy -RRB- . nothing better than running in the early morning in the summer EMO_HAPPY
NEU i am taking a weekend off this week , kind of scheduled . i am a bit nervous about it but i think it is going to benefit me . i am away in edinburgh . hopefully come back fresher next week ! . really struggling to convince myself to go out tonight at the moment though !
NEG i 've toyed with gettin getting involved with the epping forest running club . but . my problem with running with other people is that i have 2 babies and kind of run when i get windows , so i 'm pretty unreliable when it comes to arrangments . i guess i could find maps if i was n't so lazy
NEG things are n't looking good at the moment . my knee pain is getting a bit worse and i 'm now feeling it after a shorter period of time . i started to feel a bit of pain after just 5 or 6 miles of last nights easy 9.5 miles . i 'll see what happens in my long run this weekend -LRB- 21 miles -RRB- but if it goes badly i may be forced to give up on long runs and just stick with training no longer than 2 hours . i 'll then just `` chance it '' on marathon day . not exactly how i had wanted to prepare .
POS . 1.48 for a half . bed now . goodnight all .
POS andy , have a look at this article on peak performance , they have some interesting stuff to say about tapering . i reckon you should definitely cut your mileage , your body needs a chance to build up glycogen stocks . some of their `` neural training '' workouts could be worth trying . the mantra seems to be `` cut volume , maintain intensity ''
NEU cheers taffy - i 'll check with them and see what the official cut off is . as it stands i would be happy just to run round but i do n't really want to start walking - partly because if the knee is still bad even that could put me out for months . i 've only got a few hundred quid in sponsorship - probably would have got to about 3 or 400 in the end .
POS is her exercise video any good ? if so i 'll get my wife a copy . i 'll have to watch it too of course .
NEU water stops are wet , lucozade stopes are very sticky ! try not to step on bottles of water as you will tuen an ankle - also beware step-squashing lucozade pouches and squirting it up other peoples legs is funny until you tread on one that has had top put back on !
NEG oops - missed a backslash there ...
POS nope . i 'm perfectly content . . about 30 long -LRB- 20 + miles -RRB- since january , with some nice long bike rides and swims in between to get the old ticker turning over . never felt fitter , despite being an old git
POS cheers guys , . i 'm london anyway so i 'll just pop along after work
NEU i 've been looking for accommodation and the concensus of opinion is that most places are full and not even putting peeps on waiting lists as they have so many peeps waiting . i 've opted to stay at heathrow -LRB- family room 74 and parking -RRB- i 've traveled to flm before and i do n't consider the distance from heathrow too much of an issue . brucey bonus is a sharp exit post race from heathrow and up the m40 !
NEU i 've read that any running you do in marathon week will benefit you on a psychological level only - you will certainly not lose any fitness if you do n't run at all .
POS good idea kinsey , and holly do n't forget your mates giz a quid .
NEG ... my next race ... sorry am v. sad and spend tonight looking for other -LRB- much shorter ! -RRB- races !
NEG m , . i 've tried to e-mail you but the link does n't seem to work . let me knoe how i can get in touch
POS good point spans ! think i might just do a gentle jog tonight .
POS chuff - i 'd say do your own splits . that way you 've got complete say about how you do .
POS hello all . i ' have a group of supporters who want the best chance of seeing me , from reading the thread i believe the docklands is ` lighty ; populate by supporters . can anyone suggested a good pub/bar they can hang out until i get my self there ... -LRB- very slowly -RRB- preferably near the course ? and good luck to you all !
POS mikeb - top run , well done !! . i was way behind you , but i got a pb by over 8 minutes - finished in 2.43.29 -LRB- on my watch -RRB- . absolutley delighted with that . . started well - was running 6min miles for the first 5 miles and feeling good , but a bit worried i was going too fast . had a bad patch between 10 and 13ish , but got back on track - my legs started to tighten at about 23 , but finished fairly strongly . interested to hear how everyone else got on .
NEU ken - try me at meerkat . freeserve.co.uk
POS cheers blisters . i 've printed off my split times . the gfa for 2005 is on the website . . i read that as looking like i 'll qualify for 2006 under the rules if nothing changes . in 2005 i 'll still be 40 on race day so would need to have done sub 3:00 . that 's right is n't it ? mib
NEG sorry no time to reply , have n't stopped eating since sunday
POS jamaica that time of year would be nice ...
NEU eddie : bad luck mate , take it easy ... jason
POS ll , i get where you are coming from on the charity . fair play to you for having such a healthy attitude to your priorities , running can get a little obsessive , i 'm seriously about to put myself through a year of that as i 'm after a sub-4 at nyc 05 . travis , how about you give me a ring once you 're recovered , we can build up the fitness together ? ca n't wait for the next time humpy , jase , ll , sloth , travis , and i are out in the forest together , it 's been too long since we we 're all there at the same time .
NEU hi peeps . lucrece - you can get mn 's removed btw ... petal had one removed a few years ago but she thinks it has returned . it 's a small op done under local anaesthetic which leaves a tiny scar . hers occurred before she took up this running lark . 6k run last night - 1st since cardiff 1/2 last sunday ... . felt good ... ...
NEG hsbc has n't updated either !!
POS evening chris , . i too kept my end of the bargain - you 're obviously good for me . did just under 1.5 miles -LRB- not easy to check mileage as i use an alley which does n't show up on road maps -RRB- and it took me 13mins 37 secs -LRB- those secs are really important are n't they ? -RRB- i 'm a bit of a snail as you can see but then again i have n't run since mid sept and had only been training then for one month after a 2 year break . it can only improve though eh ? . the hal higdon schedules can be found on the url below - i hope to be following the novice one soon but have to try to build up a bit first ... calf a bit tender but not too bad - we 'll see what tomorrow brings . rice 's it anyway so time will tell . at least my achilles held up and is pain free . will attempt run again tomorrow if calf ok as the schedule calls for runs on tues , wed and thurs so i 'd better start as i mean to go on . . great news banana , happy shoe hunting , and billie - sorry to hear about your virus - hope you 're well and truly on the mend now and back out there running . have a good evening all -LRB- what 's left of it -RRB- .
NEU hi anthony , . thanks for the link - i shall have a look at it . sha - if you dont get any luck on this thread , try the sub 2.45 thread . . have i bored everyone stupid so you 've now deserted the thread ? apologies , if that is the case !
NEU just to correct some misinformation at the top of the page . the paris marathon still has 14,000 places left for applicants to take up -LRB- it 's on 10 april 2005 . -RRB-
NEU and a happy new year to everyone as well . celebrated the new year by going for my longest training run so far @ 16.25 miles in 2:22:54 . unfortunately the underside of one of my feet is aching . i do n't think its plantar faciitis as nothing seems to be painful when i prod it . i 'm suspect its just the pounding its taken this morning .
NEU a true northerner :--RRB- . well i 'm taking another rest day . i normally run on saturday mornings whilst my daughter is at theatre school but i 'm still tired so i 'm leaving it til monday . i am also having a major mental readjustment . there will be no more going for a time . i have done this before , over trained , crashed and burned . i probably wo n't get my sub 5 but i 'll actually get to the start line which will be better than last year . i 'll still do the speed work , i enjoy it :--RRB- , but i will be very strict with my self on the long run . no more turning the sound off . the beeping is there for a reason , to stop me overdoing it !!!!! i got very depressed during my training last year . then i came down with labyrinthitis and was out of the race . i think i was pushing too hard even tho i was run walking . sorry if i have rambled on but that 's what the forums here for :--RRB- . by the way the cars brilliant !!!!
POS if you look back a few pages , cc , emma explains all . did 53.10 in the 10k . could have gone a bit quicker , but as first 10k for a few years , did n't want to make an a e of myself . doing another 10k in eastleigh on 13th march . gloves off ! friday it is -LRB- hopefully -RRB- then . i 'll map out a loop , rather than the out and back we are so fond -LRB- ?! -RRB- of :--RRB- . going to harlow later so off-line until tomorrow -LRB- unless i fork out for internet link in my room -RRB- . wonder what the birthday fairy will bring me while im sleeping this morning ! ... . .
POS thanks porcus - i think i 'll add in a couple to start with as you say , probably mondays after the lsd and maybe fridays .
POS yes , i 'm off this weekend-hurrah ! did a 12.3 miler yesterday and my toes really hurt today and not sure if it 's shoes , sox or just my rubbish running ! think i might struggle on trails as only been doing pavement pounding as training . oh well-it 'll be a laugh ... ... . . for them if not for me !
NEG not great news this to put it mildly , particularly as i received an email from runners world just a week or so ago , confirming the event would go ahead and you were just confirming dates - not impressed .
NEU ran a 17 miler today with my new rubbery but orangey tasting camelpack ... ... the question is ... should i use it on thr flm ??? it must take up valuable time stopping at waterstations as where the pack gives you continuous movement ... the 2 litrses is heavy at first but soon gors ... ???????
POS morning all ! sounds like everyone is doing brilliantly , so i 'm going to bring the mood down ... nah , not really . although my run at the weekend was not the best it 's still further than i 've ever gone before . is anyone else feeling frustrated even though they are doing things they could n't have comprehended a year ago ? anyway was aiming for 16 miles in 3 hours , but made it back in 3 hrs 25 m , so not great . it was in a new area near worcester and the malverns and was pretty hilly compared to running in sw london , so that 's my excuse ! the only good thing is i have recovered well and have no aches and pains today ! 4 hr 30 is looking like a fading dream but still as long as i make it around i will be happy . silverstone next weekend , when of course the goal is 2 hours , but will be happy to finish feeling good . keep up the good work everyone , not long left now !
POS delia , hopefully will get it all sorted out and it will prove a blessing in disguise for it to have happened now . well done for finishing despite the pain . i 'm sure we 've been told that mental strength is almost more important than physical , and you 've proved yours . what about menu plans for the day before - proven supper dishes to charge us up ?
NEG t & tm hmmm , yes i left my last gym because of the 20 minute rule on the machines . . i had a right go -LRB- in my pathetic doe eyed girly way -RRB- about paying 40 a month so i can train in the warm whilst watching eastenders , and how am i suposed to train for a marathon in 20 minutes a go etc. promptly left and joined their rival ha ! nice to have long rest . i had 3 days off in a row 2 and a half weeks ago , and it really did me good . started feeling very restless though so went and did that ridiculous rhayader race which nearly killed me and had to have another 2 days off ! br ... they say 1gram of vitamin c every 2 hours for 12 hours will rid you of a cold -LRB- yes 1 gram ... may give you a slight orange tinge around the edges though ;o-RRB- -RRB-
NEU mutters ! . anyway , your doggy has gone completely ... where is behind a tree ? glad your back is ok rh . well , having now seen the video ... i am not making copies ... i wobble like mad ... or was it the camera ?
NEG nowt :--LRB- . diet starts after flm -LRB- carbo loading / stress eating just now ! -RRB- . will be reducing my running and reminding myself that i have blubber for fuel so do not need to replace energy following 3 hrs run cos i wo n't be out for more than 60 mins now -LRB- my family wants mummy back ! -RRB-
NEG do n't think i could focus enough on getting all the letters in correct order , think my brain might seize up or somethin' !!
NEG no man with a crippled foot or hand , or who is hunchbacked or dwarfed , or who has any eye defect , or who has festering or running sores or damaged testicles . doubt they 'd have the balls to do that anyway ...
NEG i 'm finding this taper period quite tough to handle mentally , and there 's still 10 days to go ! time is dragging . also i use running to relax and without that outlet i feel a bit wound up ! no matter how many taper articles i read i ca n't escape the feeling that my conditioning is starting to ebb away . stupid i know , but there you go . although i am looking forward to the 17/4 so much it will also be a relief to get my old life back . i shall of course carry on running , but like tallguy i 'm really missing my bike . i have n't run since doing a rather painful 4m on tuesday . my thighs seem to develop new aches each time i get up in the morning plus i have a sore groin . i know there 's nothing serious but it all adds to the tension . i am planning no more than 2 more runs . probably 8m at marathon pace on sat and then a slow 5m next tuesday . followed by a sports massage .
POS just been on the amsterdam website . oooooh , very tempting , and a finish in the olympic stadium ! anyone care to join me for my ` pilgrimage ` run from truleigh hill ? preferably on sunday morning .
NEU gx signs , 130 albion street , southwick . 01273 597799 , dg . usually takes a couple of days . helpful if you have your design on disc , but not essential .
NEG i would have a word with the big fella ' but my line of comunication is down at the mo ' .
POS trinity ... staying with friends/family in letchworth . hope to get down to register on thursday then drive down on sunday morning , -LRB- we found a sneeky parking area within 1/2 mile of blackheath -RRB-
NEG hi all , . good to read that everyone has an eventful weekend . . i did 12m this morning -LRB- 94:11 -RRB- , & it was one of the most uncomfortable runs i 've had in a long time . my left hip pain aggravated me most of the time & i also found that after about 7m my right knee began hurting too . the knee pain was directly above the kneecap & is something completely new to me . i continued to run on with it though & the pain went eventually at about 11m . i 've been icing it -LRB- & the hip -RRB- this afternoon and will continue to do so for as long as is needed . . i will definately be on the start line next week , i just hope it 's not with a strategy that 's had to be revised at the last minute . happy tapering ... ttt .
POS hi i am in this years flm and will be travelling up from dartford train station on the morning of the marathon . i think i will be catching the 7.18 am train to blackheath . starting from the blue start . are there any of you out there that want to meet up . i am hoping to do sub 4 hrs so possible running partner as well or wants to do similar would be good .
NEU ghosts in the pipes ? i am quite happy to talk coherently or otherwise . i am usually the one doing exactly that to those who will listen or even those who wont !!
NEU i 've got a lovely black toenail . i can see it through the hole in my sock :-RRB- -RRB-
POS definitely come to london and spectate - why not join the rw supporters at mile 17 ?
NEU good morning higo , . try punching someone , that helps . . : - > .
POS better to put his information on the urwfrc website , then it will get to the support teams !!!
POS diana , i 'm in pen 9 red start so will try to see you there - meningitis vest , yes ?
NEU delia . i am scottish therefore naturally blue looking so i 'll take my chances on streaking lol . no it should n't wash off . but if it goes on streaky . . i have a wedding next week i need to practise application 4 .
POS hail hail . thanks venom . will try for gfa place , but wont bust my balls for it . paul cameron - is that you pseudo ? if so , well done mate . i owe you a beer . top running .
NEG obviously that should have read , who actually wants to take part . . actually osd , do n't even bother to defer .
NEU oh dont worry i will be ! straight after ! my problem has been trying to stop during training , i have just never managed it for longer than about 2 days ! will probably have a couple of glasses tonight to help me sleep - hopefully wont do me too much harm , after all i 'm certainly not elite .
POS thank god . can someone post another 80 weather threads between now and sunday . cheers .
POS priceless
NEG a picture has to be a . jpg or . gif of 100 x 120 pixels and the size has to be no larger than 12kb . as for getting your picture to that size that 's another matter . mine was trial and error and even when it said it was accepted it took a couple of days to go live .
POS just spotted your posting higo x , well done mate , speak to you tomorrow . i 'm knackered , going to bed . EMO_HAPPY
NEU it was my first marathon yesterday and think i entered a fair time on my form -LRB- 5.10 -RRB- and started in pen 9 . i had been warned about congestion in the first 6 miles but there was none - all very civilised and chance to get a good rhythm going . the dodging and weaving came in the last 6 miles when i was getting a rhythm again after a bad patch through 17-20 -LRB- there were bits where you could n't even try to run in the isle of dogs , it was just a stream of walkers -RRB- . perhaps they can put in theoretical slow and fast lanes -LRB- like at swimming pools -RRB- and walkers are obliged to move into the other lane , with some encouragement from the many course marshalls . however , i do know that at 22 miles when you 're tired etc , the last thing you need is some `` police '' telling you what to do . i plodded in at 5.55 , but with a smile on my face .
POS sounds like my kinda town . thanks dustin . can you lend me the money ? - i 'm sure you made enough from kramer v kramer .
POS and i think dg wants to join us !!
NEU sweetest thing - just goes to show how effective a run/walk can be - only 8 mins slower than me - and i ran all the way . i di n't deduct my loo stop either - although was tempted - do n't see much point though - might look better to everyone else but you still know your time ...
NEU am 46 too but think the tiredness is definitely a hormone thing - nothing to do with my years ! mentally i 'd say i was about 13 ... . have a 5m run planned with a friend on saturday morning - nice and early at 9 . should be ok by then hopefully .
POS katypie - brilliant run , you 're an inspiration to us all and you must stay on this thread . debbo - good run , you must be pleased with that . did you speak to goslo ? have n't seen her on the forum for ages , last spoke to her in fw . hippo - blackpool this weekend , what are you hoping to do , pb ? or are you saving that for cardiff . my knee seems a bit better today , even after 10m yesterday and 4.2 m hilly this morning . i know i have a niggle there and i think a pair of shoes i trained in on friday really aggravated it so they 're going in the bin . i never really liked them anyway and i still have 20 pairs -LRB- and one pair on order ! -RRB-
NEG jane -- i honestly didnt realise at the time . i was supposed to be taking it easy in july
NEG i 'm on 40 + at the moment , although my lr at the weekend was cut to a paltry 8 miles after my husband spent all day out windsurfing . was not amused . probably not a bad thing , though as i had two very tough sessions last week -LRB- one interval and one tempo -RRB- which left me feeling quite sore . my speed is definitely improving , though , so the work is worth it . next sunday should see me up to 18 miles for the long run , and then i go up to 20 milers for the four weeks after that .
NEU hi r-b , running efficiency will improve with fitness , it is normal for beginners to be heavy on their feet as , as you mention , there is n't sufficient pace in the early stages for a smooth heal/toe action . as fitness comes stride will lengthen a bit and breathing will be more in rythm with cadence so the whole action gets smoother .
POS good time trin , well done . shame about all the little prob 's though . hope you heal in time for the robin hood . very good idea dips a meeting before chr ***** s , got any suggestions where . i love that feeling to mava , new running shoes , mine are falling to bits and have a large red stain from a painting accident . i think im gon na have a look for some bargain new ones . im a bit of a skin flint though if there over 35 i cant bring myself to buy them . spent 120 once and they were the worst shoes i ever had , so its back to the bargains .
POS kp - i like 10 mile races . have you ever done the arbroath women 's 10 mile one ? it 's great - lovely route and fantastic home baking and lunch at the end too ! i 'll report back on the suit . actually i do n't know if my post-holiday flab will fit in to it ...
NEU hi everyone , i just wanted to let melf know that i 'm all over the place with my exercise too at the moment . i do feel guilty reading how many of you have set new goals and are working towards those , and i want to recapture the determination i had to stick to a training plan before the marathon . i think maybe now that the autumn weather is coming i might find it easier to get out there , but i know ultimately that the incentive has got to come from me , and not the weather !!
NEU hi all . you 're dead right about the speed sessions kezzabee , i 'm not keen on them at the best of times and quite often the only time i do them is with the running club , or when i run with a couple of mates -LRB- who are usually better than me -RRB- . been doing quite a bit of off road at the moment preparing for my first proper fell race on sunday . although i do n't do any structured speed sessions , you can certainly go pretty damm fast downhill after struggling on your hands and knees up the blxxdy hill in the first place ! went out for a 45 min session at lunchtime , a bit of a slog uphill on the road for a good 700-800 ft of climbing then down through the fields and tracks through the woods which was a bit of fun in my road shoes after the recent rain ! all good practice for sunday , 7 miles and 1000ft of climbing ... ummmm . the guy i was running with is a proper fell runner and did it last year and he was reassuring me ' just dig in on the way up , some of it is hands on knees , and try and hang on , then see if you make up a bit on the way down , just do n't go too fast or you 'll be too knackered for the next steep hill ... gulp . looking forward to it more and more ! , although possibly not as intimidating as that bleep test moggie ! have a good day all . cheers . beders
NEU so , how are people finding out early if they 've got in to flm ? i do n't get it . i thought we did n't find out til december ... lochaber sounds good as an alternative -LRB- had a look at paris last night , but it seems a bit of an expense really what with flying out there etc -RRB- what 's the best way to get there from down here though ? fly to inverness and travel from there ?
NEG and i must remember to switch off the f **** n ' e-mail notification .
POS waiting like you weds , i just spied a thread that i went on two years ago , will boing up for you .
POS do you fancy cardiff ?? < wanders off to check bank account and remember what size fleece i ordered > .
NEG ... crumbs - i go away for 2 days and realise that i 've opened a can of worms !
NEU i would recommend the white peak , although it is a small race with only 200 runners . you are bussed to the start and run back to cromford along the tiisington and high peak trials -LRB- old railway lines -RRB- . although not hilly , it is n't flat either . first 10 miles are gradually up high , second half downhill , with 3 fairly steep downhills . if you want to do it , you will need to move quickly when the entries open due to the limited numbers that can be accepted . there is also a half marathon which runs over the second half of the marathon course .
NEU did you bequeath ? no . date cashed -LRB- or `` not cashed yet '' -RRB- 2nd nov. no of times entered -LRB- not including this ballot -RRB- 0 . number of times rejected -LRB- not including this ballot -RRB- 0 . predicted time code e -LRB- optimistic -RRB- . do you live in london/scotland/other ? other . do you read the sun/other ? sometimes and other
NEG br : . cheeky bugger .
POS more welcomes , . brook and georgias dad , . gd , i am also wating on a club place find out 27 dec. brook youll be fine im sure . . k9 good to see you posting over here again ... enjoy the weekend all - anyone racing . . -LRB- im doing the maylarch eynsham 10k -RRB-
NEU evil pixie - yeah , no worries , go ahead and link to me . . no slacking for me either , now !
NEU micksta - is that 32 as in anything under 33 or 32 as in 32 dead ? because if one of your aims is a sub 16 minute 5k , a 32 minute 10k may be a little ambitious ! mid to low 33s and maybe sub 33 could be a possibilty if it all comes together though !
NEU i put 4:30 lolal though im following a sub 3 hour training plan . lol . in training every day and currently the furthest i have run is 11 miles . lol . im also doing a bit of witght training as im like a stick lol .
POS i have just started this -LRB- week 2 -RRB- and am finding it great as it is based on time rather than mileage - i just wondered if anyone used to last year and how they rated it ?
NEU ow - that sounds painful , stephen ! hurry back slowly - lots of time until flm .
POS trouty - yes and his hm time as well . he should be down in the 73s -LRB- i think his best is 75 . xx -RRB- . then he 'd have a championship place for flm and might be encouraged to have a go . always nice to hear from you at tower bridge - a friendly local face :--RRB- . back any better ?
NEU get into an argument on the forum . spend runs thinking about how to win it EMO_HAPPY
POS christchurch jon - i think that long and slow is the basis for your long runs . i dunno ... a minute , or minute and a half slower than marathon pace ? also , i would imagine that the advice from others would also be along the lines of slowly increasing the distance of your long runs ... 12 miles one week , 15 the next , 18 the next etc ? well , that 's what i 'd do anyway .
NEU toffee , . park nearer woodford station , the roads approaching ashton 's are clear.it 's easier to walk down.parking around the track is a nightmare on race day . yes , people do meet by the water jump , you should n't go wrong .
NEU ahha ... just one thing rich ! you got the wrong shirl ... the one on the other thread is the mark 2 model ! think you will find our shirl has deferred due having a life . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU hi all . thought i 'd just let you know how i got on . well for those of you that do n't know they cocked up the course so we ended up doing just under 14 miles i 'm told ! my time was 2.46 , which if i adjust for the extra reckon it would have been about 2.34 - not bad as i was aiming for around 2.30 ! also had a nasty fall just before ten miles and turned my ankle . kept going but the last couple of miles were hard and had to walk at bit ! but managed to keep running the last mile and even managed a pretty good sprint finish -LRB- good me for ! -RRB- . thoroughly enjoyed it , doing 2 laps did n't phase me and was estatic to finish feeling reasonably good . . legs feel fine - ankle is sort and have two lovely blisters -LRB- one on each foot -RRB- but other than being tired doing good .
NEU i suspect i wo n't be there long enough to offer proper support but you all hang out at mile 17 do you ? teen a is doing the mini mara so i 'll see if it 's plausible to walk back and say hello at least .
NEU jakesy and njord . totally agree with jools b on this and your situation puts everything into perspective does n't it ?! it 's quite easy to get precious sometimes and feel a bit hard done by if you have to run when you 've had a bad day or whatever ... steady undulating 8 miler for me today squeezed in between getting home from work and my little girl 's bathtime . completed in 56:54 which is around 7m 06secs pace and at 65 % whr average . bye for now as off for my tea ! nl
NEG i hope it does n't snow either i 'm working tonight , and running tomorrow
POS is everyone feeling positive and what sort of times are people aiming for ? . i think realistically i am looking at a 5hr 30 .
NEU we only had ten men , ten men , we only had ten men , ten men . sorry toffee but class is always permanent . i thought we played better without gerrard he did n't do anything in the first 18mins anyway . could have had 5 or 6 in all honesty . how ya feeling legless ; 0 -RRB-
NEU -LRB- -LRB- miss delia -RRB- -RRB-
POS bex , very nice run , hope your back is holding up as well
POS fenn , . sainsbury 's ibuprofen tablets . swerve , . i do take your point and will be discussibg further with my physio tomorrow . i 'll report back then . thanks guys ...
POS thanks . last question ! - do you have a favourite ultra ?
NEG gweedore im waiting for a new bum bag , as got to carry gels , phone , mp3 & anything else i might need like plasters , etc -LRB- trying to find a belt with kitchen sink attachment , not found it yet thou -RRB- . i hear the reason paula has pulled out is because of a fast bunch a forum thread on runners world web site , started by a caramel .
NEG i hate it when that happens . i get so scared
POS thanks folks . can get a train about 6.30 from h.h. so would be at london bridge 7.15 - 7.30 so should be ok .
NEU sbf - thanks . the problem seems to be rooted in the back but it 's messing up my gait which has stressed the calves . my physio was ill last week but i 'm seeing him again on thursday . hopefully today 's massage will also help . hope all is well with you .
POS rb - that 's awesome mate ; well earned , and hope you take time to have a few beers and enjoy your holiday . not too bothered about your hr stats -LRB- we 'll let cm sneak off to a private place to drool over those -RRB- , but very keen to hear your mental state throughout the race . eg , . what pace did you set out to run ? did your plan go out the window when you were running well ? at what point did you start thinking about your likely finishing time ? were you consciously -LRB- or subconsciously -RRB- racing crab ? did you think about the feedback you 'd have to supply to this forum ? -LRB- did it help or hinder progress -RRB- - ca n't deny i 've thought about having to cough up my result on here mid-race over the past few months . what was the priority during the last 10k ? just get to the finish , or still aim for a particular time ? was running 2.46 harder or easier than running 3.00 - for me , the quicker the race , the easier it has been , if you know what i mean . did you mentally rehearse your reaction to crossing the line , somewhere around the half way mark ? did you cry ? fkg hope not . what 's next on the rb agenda ? only a couple of minutes from qualifying for those luxury bogs at london next year . questions , questions ... look forward to your answers . crab - keen to know your mental process throughout as well .
NEU mel have you used ice or cold baths after your runs ?? not sure about the drink meeting due to work stuff but planning to go to the expo first thing thursday am , advance notice in case any of you wanted to avoid another pep talk from me and see me shaking like a jelly . when are others planing to pick up their stuff and then shop for england .
NEU should we take are chat over to the free money thread ?
NEU was that your legs or arms fancy ???
NEG sounds like everyone has gone away
POS hmmm . now there 's an idea . . last day at work today so may take myself off for a swim tomorrow afternoon ...
POS just back from picking up my number from the expo . sorry sammy could n't wait til saturday , so i 'll be putting my feet up while you 're standing in the queue . really enjoyed it . got my feet analysed & confirmed that i am a neutral runner which is just as well as i was n't going to change me trainers at this late stage . paul tergat was there but i see he 's dropped out . what with him and paula , if another 30,000 drop out i might be in with a chance .
NEU tempting andy - i wonder if i can persuade the other half -LRB- have two daughters as well who want to be there -RRB- . what hotel is it ? the main reason we 're not staying over is that we 're used to driving to london and it 's only a 90 minute drive -LRB- to stratford or one of the dlr stations -RRB- and about another 30 minutes by tube . . it 's just that all my marathon nerves are being channelled into this one thing right now .
NEU tonight gon na have pasta and sause with vegs mixed in oh with extra garlic just to keep colds at bay . are you eating more or the same amount of food as usuall . . i too feel bloated . . think i should of stopped at 1 bagel .
NEU do you have to run it or can you do it in your car ?
POS thanks jej - did n't know that about the water .
NEG stickless - i have no character : o
POS good luck to all of you for sunday.enjoy your stay in the greatest city in the world.soak up the atmosphere.it 's one big carnival all the way.this is the greatest marathon in the world with the greatest support in the world .
POS have a brilliant day . good luck
NEG in my view the congestion from the blue start seemed to be caused by the ambulance situated after about 800m . i had assumed this was due to some sort of incident that had occured , but watching the video today it was there when the elite woman passed .
POS st paul 's youth hostel - cheap -LRB- 54 for a double -RRB- , quiet , and close to london bridge station . we 've stayed there for the last 3 marathons , and it 's great .
NEU i 'd start raising money for a charity now.the best chance you will have of getting a place is through the golden bond.if you can raise in the region of 1000 by november you 'll have a good chance of getting one.the hardest part of the flm is getting a place . as for the training everything you have said seems right .
NEG i could n't eat after the marathon fenn . my appetite has only just returned . i did force some recovery drink and an energy bar down but that was it . i know that 's wrong rio !
POS sub 6 in my case roobarb !! ;o-RRB- . do you think carole would be ok to give us an hour of her time to share between us ?!?! EMO_HAPPY
POS evening all . was planning on a run or two this weekend , or a bit of cycling , but instead opted for a night out clubbing on friday -LRB- we were in the pub by 4.30 pm and home about 2ish ! -RRB- and then spent the rest of the time paying back my other half for her support since january and spending time with the little one doing some nice ` family things ' . do feel totally refreshed however and literally chomping at the bit now , so going to head out tomorrow after work for a 4 miler . sbf - that analysis of results was fantastic , and ashamed to say that somehow the reds did beat the blues :o-LRB- . i uess we all need to keep the momentum going to achieve the goal of sub 4 . last night just before bed i was watching a little bit more of the live flm coverage i sky + ` ed last sunday . is that your first appearance on tv cas ?? EMO_HAPPY that bob the builder costume must have taken a lot of efort to make , it really was quite impressive . afraid i 'm not going to make abingdon , just not practical for me to get there and already have plans for october i 'm afraid . but i will still hang around here for support/banter with my own races if thats ok ? and maybe next year the flm might be in the picture and we will defo have to meet up ? my race plan for the summer looks like this : . 10 mile race may . 10k race june . 10k race july . half marathon august . not sure about sept yet . half marathon october . with the training required i hope to retain/improve overall fitness and improve speed . and lose a bit more weight !
NEU a solid performance , good pacing throughout . must be harder to run sub 3 in a 17c vienna compared to a 12c london . does n't research on marathon times , find 12c the ideal temp , and 1c above or below that = loss of performance of 1 % -LRB- not sure how they would measure this -RRB- . what 's needed : a cool autumn marathon .
NEG dn . for interest , i never did get an email back from the cardiff race director on the potential safety issues surrounding the 2:30 to 3:00 finishing time . just think of the aggro that the poor winner will suffer ? can i hang on to your skirt tails in abingdon ?
NEU hi guys . not been on here for ages , i am struggling to get properly nack into running again . lovced the marathon and def want to do another one , have entered nottingham half in september so i need to get my backside in gear ! got ill at begiining of may so was out fr a fortnight but i am enjoying do some excercise other than running , back into my circuit training again . by the way i raided 2500 for charity ! well done on the amount you did bp !!! i entered the edinburgh marathon but i have postponed place to next year as was n't able to get the training runs in a the weekends due to being away all the time . glad to see some of you still about .
POS hi all , . been going out a lot with my club recently and really enjoying it . i am definately improving now because of it , last friday we did 2.5 mile relays which was hard but good . i got out with them on mondays and wednesdays . tomorrow we do the haytor heller course which actually takes place on sunday , i am going to be a marshall . did a good 7 mile run last night , a lot of hills . doing a 6 mile race on friday evening which i am looking forward to , i am really enjoying my running at the moment . i am hoping to build up to dartmoor vale marathon in october and then hopefully london again next year .
POS in reverse . if i maintained stride length , and ran 170 spams , my marathon time would be 3:40 .
NEU mike - my target marathon pace his year was 7:00 , -LRB- in 2005 it was 7:15 and the wednesday runs were correspondingly slower -RRB- so that 's what i was working up to . sometimes you get carried away and go a little faster . at the start of the build-up they were a little slower , but as your fitness improves they get to 7:00 so in my eyes they were marathon-paced . threshold running would be 6:40 pace for me . and anywya , if i could manage a 20-mile race at 6:45 pace , surely 7:00 pace is ok for those runs ?
POS hello runners , . well missed a load of posts since the 2006 flm due to ligamant damage ... but am back !! deffered my 2006 place so will be in the 2007 . firstly is this the right place ? sub 4.00 hrs ? or am i too early ?? help !
NEU roobarb also i think everyone recovers differently , after lochaber i raced a 3k and got a pb only 4 days afterwards and after dumfries i raced and got a pb for a 10k only a week afterwards . legs too tired after moray to even think about doing my normal steady pace at the moment never mind race .
NEU is it a full length one ?
POS well its certainly picked up on this thread . welcombe everyone . jellybabe and viffer are well ahead of us on the training front but there 's still plenty of time to go . o'donut which training plan are you going with . stylish like you i have found a couple of races that i have just entered to try the mileage build up . both are hilly off road runs -LRB- bit new to me -RRB- but sound fun ?? drogo 10 and bicton blister both in november in devon . cheques should be cashed at the end of this month if you are in . speak soon EMO_HAPPY
NEG stoppit !
NEG checked my barclays account post midnight - nothing gone out .
POS susie sorry - fingers still a bit numb several hours later . . lord d thanks for that , but i have been doing the step-drops 30 times every morning before i do anything else and in the evening when i remember . think i 'll work up to 50 reps though . i 've been told i have tendonosis -LRB- i.e. degeneration -RRB- rather than tendonitis -LRB- inflammation -RRB- . probably my achilles had mis-spent youths ! . do n't worry about remedial it for your daughter - it probably means she has excellent social and other non-cognitive skills instead ! lots of evidence -LRB- from day-job -RRB- that non-cognitive skills -LRB- e.g. communication , team-working , self-efficacy -RRB- are increasingly important in the labour market .
NEG accobatic overhead kick to hammer it home
NEG oops - sorry roobs , forgot about luton !
NEU we seem to be very well-catered for with half marathons in the north west as build up : - helsby , village bakery , great north western , wilmslow , liverpool . but there is a distinct shortage of further distances . the milford 21 -LRB- miles -RRB- in staffordshire is the only longer run i can find in travelling distance - anyone know one of any other 20-milers anywhere near the north west ?
NEG guess who is hung over this morning and has n't run ... ... ... ... . bloody gremlins !
NEU susan . activate your e-mail link and i will e-mail you . i have n't received a reply to the charity who contacted me :o-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- . . . and i have support of my employer to guarantee bond :o-RRB-
POS i 'm in for macmillan . there must be more of us because their website says all their gb places are taken !
POS remember to miss a session if you need to as well . it is early days yet and there is a long way to go to stay fit and healthy
POS good luck susie have a good run . sounds like the training is going well .
POS sounds like a good plan nickm , i will do the same . the massage was good thanks , my calfs tighten quite easily so i really need a good session once every two or three weeks . . i also started using fetch in 2007 . good fun and even takes the football and badminton in as x training . no garmin or anything more than a watch here so it is my only source of information . . i have n't sorted my flm place yet jbss but am still hopeful . it may have to be charity in the end though . i will let you know what success i have . our club places went to a husband and wife this year ... very cosy ! hmmmph ! later .
NEG i did n't buy any official merchandise last time i ran london marathon 2002 . i sort of regretted it afterwards but looking through the adidas gear it seems a bit pricy has anyone here bought anything from the london marathon range is it good and is it worth paying the extra to have a london marathon logo on it ?
POS blimey alex - where did all that come from ?! two glasses of shiraz maybe . how decadent , drinking at lunch time at work ! reminds me of the old days < harpy music wafting into the past > ... would love to do ny . must see if i still have any knee cartiledge left after flm this year . clare - is your half on sunday a race race or a race to make a long run more interesting ?
NEU shakes head . speedwork . not good for one ;-RRB-
NEG ahhhh ... beginning to think i should have gone out for a run last night this does n't sound too good ...
NEU just a few laps of retiro parque in madrid for el toffee this evening ! think ive just scraped in 10-12 miles this week so far , but the comeback is on !
NEU evening all , . jonny w. was a wizard - i was only 8 mins out ! . therefore if i predict 30-31 mins for my 10k race tomorrow i should be ok . i suppose the folks who went to twickers are still swigging back the sauce somewhere in sarf london . a few approx . stats again then pug . cm . keep on swimming and pj ` ing - look what it did for jonny w. if i have a shit race tomorrow , its been nice knowing you all if only briefly - i 'll be relocating .
NEU rio 's just ` precious ' about other stuff laugh out loud !!!
NEU
NEU daz if i have to pull my finger out can i use yours , as you so kindly offered earlier ?!! go easy on that drive home . middle pinks is driving home from b ` ham this afternoon so hope it does n't snow again . whats it like in london ? nicks how is that leg ? are you doing lsr tomorrow ? i 've got 15 on my schedule and it looks chilly out there !
NEU hippo . the more job , the more chance of you getting one . . i am being careful of my knee , having a massage next wednesday . hope your legs get you round draycote .
NEU cg - its a shame to hear you say `` this thread is a little bit scary '' . if you are aspiring to sub 3:15 then surely this is your thread ? there are a good few on here that are now running sub-3 style mileage and times , probably as a result of training going better than expected , and i hope no-one else has been put off by this or is worrying too much that their mileage/speed is n't up to it ? i know i 've ran 3:06 before off about 40mpw and 7.8 min/mile lsrs , so i figure so can anyone else . anyway after all that rambling i do n't have anything more to say wrt your question that has n't been said above . e.g. , i let my legs chose my sunday lsr pace and it ended up being a lot faster than most training plans would suggest - am yet to find out whether or not that was a stupid thing to do . . was it really worth the risk ? doubt it .
NEG finally gotten rid off my cold after 10 days , bloody thing . depending on whats on telly later and how awake i feel -LRB- went from evening shifts to morning shifts with work today so i get less sleep for a night -RRB- will see how far i run tonight . currently tipping down so i think it 'll be a treadmill session . aim for 6 miles roughly i think . got ta remember to ask what each trendline on my funky spreadsheet graph is as i hav n't a clue , mainly as its a spreadsheet i aquired off another runner at work . heck even the boss has been out a few times over the last few weeks at lunchtime .
POS ... and good luck on sunday m4
NEU 9 miles for me today at 8:30 pace . just one more session tomorrow then a mini-taper for hastings on sunday . looking forward to a couple of rest days after 10 consecutive days of running . hastings should be a good test , but the bbc weather site is forecasting 29 mph sw winds on sunday which will make the last 2.5 miles along the seafront a bit of a drag !
POS hi dazpd good to have you back today !!
NEU erm , i got mine last saturday .
NEU -LRB- whoops , a pb by 3 mins not 4 -RRB-
NEU gosh , it 's good to know there are others a bit like me ! starting out a bit fast is a worry just because i have not done the distance before .
POS sc/ld . many thansk for your advice . simon
NEU pg - here is the link to the part of this site with the rcae time calculator on it . basically it is a formula used to convert one races time to anothers which is pretty accurate and is also in the middle of the range you would get if you used some of the other ways of working out race times from other races . debra - well done on the 15 miles . i managed to get 6 miles done in 56 mins running aorund stafford on tuesday night as i was down there for a conference with work . stopping up in the bar until 1am and a slight twinge in my ankle meant i ditched the planned 6 or 9 mile run pre breakfast . did 6 mile on the treadmill before work at lunchtime and the ankle was n't to bad just a minor ache at the moment so i think i 've tweaked it probably on the rough ground alongside the dual carriage way in stafford . still looking to do 20 miles or so on sunday and as of yet i hav n't decided where i 'll run too , probably stock up on drinks and some food and just run where ever the heck i feel like it . i 'll probably check i can measure off my garmins sporttracks stuff indivdual sections so i can combine in a load of differing sized laps in the area .
POS rw supporters thread :
POS greetings all , . still one hard week for me to go , . had a great day today , a nice 5.5 m slow at lunch and then ... a club run meant to be done at mp tonight , well that didnt happen , 1st mile at 8m then the next 4 very quick , in fact very quick for me ... . is everything starting to kick in , as felt tired but comfortably strong at the same time ... . . great tips above , . also dont forget the sun cream lotiion , the abount of times i have been wind and sun burnt at maras ... . also plenty of vasaline in any area that can rub , crutch , grion area , butt cheeks , arm pits etc. and for the men the nipples either plasters / tape or vasaline ... take care
POS hi willy , whats your marathon pb ? if i was you i would go for 2 ; 45 , what have you got to loose ? your not that far off and your times are very close to mine .
NEG the simple question to ask is : . `` do you want my money or not ? '' . that is if you have raised any ... i 'm very surprised they are not jumping through hoops to sort this for you .
NEU what does your physio say about cortisone injections ?
NEU i had cortisone injection for nerve problem in foot.seemed to take a few days for it to work but definately worked for me . doc would n't do it for me had to go private . good luck
NEG website is now complete . runners world london marathon 2007 runners & supporters website . <u> no updates have been made to add any runners since thursday last week , i shall update these tomorrow . some other minor updates are also outstanding </u> . if you encounter any problems with the website or have any suggestions please email me .
POS x-post there with sandra ! as i said , i 'm happy to go along with the rest of you .
POS thanks for suggesting a meeting spot alex - i was hoping you would . . EMO_HAPPY . i 'll be wandering over from the isle of dogs -LRB- after dropping off the rather fabulous `` rw forum supporters 100m ahead '' sign i made , at mile 17 - watch out for it !! -RRB- and should be there about 08:30 i guess . white cap , shelter vest with keryn on the front . got last minunte tickets to the arsenal game last night - woohoo !! although the minging bread roll soaked in mayo and the late night were n't the best for taper week . ah well , it was a good game and we are now up to third in the table ! EMO_HAPPY
POS eleanor - i thought about a tutu as well - good plan to get encouragement . we have the same rw support group 6 at mudchute .
NEU i have no hair . EMO_HAPPY
POS sub i 'm meeting hilly at the elite ladies start about 8:45 am tomorrow , then yomping down maze hill towards 6 -7 mile point . i will e-mail my phone no . to you .
POS morning all . just spent the last 10 mins catching up with everyones posts/reports . congrats and well done to everyone ! in reality it was that hot that it was an achievement just to finish ! well that has to be the toughest thing i have ever done . i expected the last 6 miles to be tough but that was something else ! finished in 3.18.58 . am absolutely chuffed to bit and still have n't stoped smiling ! think i slept about 2 hours last night , i 'm still buzzing ! annoyingly i think i made the last few miles so hard myself by going off too fast ! at 14 miles i was had averaged 7.17 min miles , including 5 around 7 mins . by 18 i had dropped the pace slighty to about 7.30 mins miles and was still well on for sub 3.15 -LRB- about 3.13 ish -RRB- if i could have kept that pace up . but from 20 onwards it seemed like someone had tied bricks round my ankles and i dropped to 7.50 's and by 24 8.10 's . managed to run a sub 8 in the last mile but the heat and my quick start had finished me . think if it had n't been for the crowd i would have pulled over and collapsed in the gutter , but had a lot of friends placed over the last few miles that really kept me going ! anyway am really pleased and honestly think i have got sub 3.15 in me . just have to learn from my mistakes and hope its cooler next time !
POS yes thanks rio for all your help along the way it has been much appreciated ! . yeah i 'm the same as you sarah , i think it might be the start of a beautiful friendship with running haha !
POS i 'm a size 8 , so could go camping in it . it 's now displayed in the loo for all to admire - especially me ...
NEU morning ... i have no intention of running until the bank holiday weekend . but i am on the verge of entering the needles xc half on 3 june ... any takers ?
NEG alex should i have a e-mail from you did not recieve anything micktherunner . com
NEU who 's that lurking there in the shadows . oh hello mick , how 's phil these days . got any races planned ? have you had a look at the petition ?? hippo - do n't you think it 's about time you gave that body of yours a rest . when 's your next race planned . i know you have to have a run every day , but you need some time to recover . you 'll end up burning yourself out . ca n't keep up that pace forever you know . now behave yourself and have another drink . hic not too heavy on the tonic though , you know what it does to you .
NEU thanks bowi just a bit too far away for me to come and train with you sometimes . not an excuse a reason . .
NEU -LRB- -LRB- roobs -RRB- -RRB- hope the pain eases soon and/or you get a cancellation . luckily a lot of the cutty sark artifacts , masts etc. had been removed for refurbishment , so were n't there - does n't look to be all that much left , that 's for sure . -LRB- -LRB- kp 's nose -RRB- -RRB- .
NEU afternoon . roobs , i decided yesterday not to do today race as my left leg ached . shades . well done on your marathon . -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- roobs -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . sorry to hear that you are poorly .
POS corredor - great pb , but just a word of warning - advice from one of my club coaches : better to improve on your pb by 5 seconds each race than take a huge chunk off and then have to beat that next time . on a more positive note -LRB- unless you 've been running for years ... -RRB- , i also read that whatever age you start running/racing , you will improve on your times for c. 10 years before you plateau , so go for it .
NEU i really dont know if they will be worth looking at ! lol . but the new trisuit i have looks ok so i wont be shy for the cameras ! laugh out loud
NEU morning all , very hungover , or in fact maybe still drunk . had good night out in wimbledon where met up with a group from work who were out for a leaving do - girl who works in our gym moving to pastures new . ended up in nightclub . no idea what time we got home ? have got blisters and kitchen is bomb site after late night peanut-butter toast making . . no running for me today . hope things are ok for your guys `` up norff '' ? i am referring to the flooding . mean wendy & tutu as opposed to susan who although is north of the river and virtually foreign climes , i do n't think had weather issues .
NEU padams - i 've just been sent the results from last night . the overall standings -LRB- after 3 races -RRB- make interesting reading . pos overall score points . 1 garden city runners 850 36 . 2 st albans striders 1517 28 . 3 barnet & district 1593 26 . 4 royston runners 2187 15 . 5 nhrr 2119 14 . 6 bishops stortford 3060 7 . you will need to put a good team out for your home event next week if you do n't want barnet to take second place from you -LRB- they came within 60 points of beating us last night -RRB- . it 's also going to be close to see who out of royston and nhrr will be relegated . the person who won is down in the results as having a double-barrelled surname . good luck to those of you having a punt this afternoon .
NEU tunbridge wells and tonbridge are 4 miles apart . i grew up tw but now live in tonbridge . the tour de france is going through both . didds lives in neither . he works in tw but lives in bex hill which along the coast from hastings . didds are you going to watch out goudhurst way ?
POS well done katie , vrap and girlfriend on your awesome efforts . vrap - i think you are being too modest . a pb after that sort of exertion is phenomenal . fast times too for lorenzo and tt . mtr - you will soon be back on form and will fly in your ds trainers . are you planning to alternate them with a different shoe ? . rfj and smiffie - thoughts are with and do n't rush back . it 's not fun . i seem to be in an increasing amount of pain and am ccoming to the conclusion that i might have to stop running again . i was given the number of a good physio but luck would have it that she is off on holiday for 3 weeks . i had quite a long telephone conversation wit her and she thinks i now have a secondary injury -LRB- possibly pf -RRB- caused by adjusting to compensate for original injury . i will carry on running as long as the pain gets no worse but i 'm not looking forward to my hm tomorrow.finishing that will be harder than any race i have ever done . no pbs for me in the near future !
NEU hey pug . sorry to hear about the injury . best advice from me is put all your renowned focus oin to getting it right - do whatever the fizz / sports therapist says - treat the ice / stretch / mobility exercises or whatever as if they are key parts of your training program . then , see how it goes , maybe you could refocus on luton -LRB- 1st weekend in december -RRB- as tipptop suggests , or come down to la rochelle the weekend before with me . even if you do n't get a champs start for london , you will still have a pen 1 green start , and i 'm sure you would n't let a couple of eastenders actresses get in your way ! blisters . judging by the state of worcester city centre today , you 're not wrong about what 'll be with you sunday and monday . - never seen the river so high , and its going to take a while to receed because no matter where you go there are great expanses of water linked to the smallest of streams as the underlying water table has risen so much . managed to find a 7 mile dryish route this evening - would have been a slightly more achilles friendly 6 , but i got stuck on the tow path for a while with canal on one side and flooded road on the other - thankfully it had stopped raining by that point , otherwise i might have been a tad worried !
POS caro - the smell of the fish n chips is the same as the smell of a bacon buttie - irresistable ! you 'll be up for it !
NEU welcome back tr . good running dana . good racing jej . will have to give video clip a miss due to dial-up connection at home and very effective security at work . which leaves me with today 's 10k attempt . the fred consensus earlier in the week was that my endurance is good , my speed is not . oh boy , that was the case today . i could list some excuses -LRB- missed a week after dorney , only one speed session since , and that was on tuesday , high mileage for me since , etc. -RRB- but the truth is is was just a bad day at the office . a very bad day at the office . legs felt a bit heavy in my warm-up but the first k was done in 3.48 and i thought things would be alright . but from then on in my legs got heavier and heavier . it 's a fast-ish course , but not pancake flat . i finished in a miserable 40.53 . not a pw -LRB- principally because my first ever race was a 10k and i 've tended to do 10ks at the start of training blocks , untapered -RRB- but not what i wanted . will probably write it off as 6 miles @ hmp as frankly that 's all it was . ho hum . will console myself with a recovery run this evening so that at least the mileage total for the week does n't get wreaked to boot .
NEU probably 1 1/2 inches wide pinks
NEU well done tracey & roobs on your long runs . lyndy - i get up most mornings at 4.30 to 4.45 to go training , but for my long runs i do go out a bit later as i like to have my brekkie first . morning is the best time of day to run . i hate running at night , have to go out tonight for a short run before going to the gym as i 'm a bit behind on this week 's mileage , it 's 28 degrees down here in devon today
POS evening all . loads of posts to catch up with . tr - one of my favourite subjects that - the grandparent rule in football . always made me laugh that at the same time as ireland were getting grief over using it , england had butcher -LRB- born in singapore -RRB- , barnes -LRB- born in jamaica -RRB- and dorigo -LRB- born in australia -RRB- playing for them ... i always maintained that the rule made sense though as emigration was becoming much more common . the rugby one is a joke though , live somewhere for 2 years and you can play for them . we played italy last year , and they substituted a springbok for an argie . i thought we were playing an allstar xv . sorry to hear the knee is playing up btw . fingers crossed it 'll clear up in time for nf . jej - i do n't see any reason why you ca n't be down at that level yourself in time . might take a bit more mileage though . that 's obscene to be able to do that pace off so little mileage . fair play to him . i 've got a rest day tomorrow , tf . made it through yet another mad week of training with just a slightly tight left quad to show for it . i think that 's a decent return ;--RRB- total for the week was 120 -LRB- off 6 days , with some good quality in there -RRB- . counting back 7 days i 've done 128.25 so dull , i 'm afraid your pb is mine ! ;--RRB- -RRB- could n't do it on a regular basis though . only 1 more week of this to go , and i have to say i 'm glad . i think it 's the mental side i find harder than the physical side . still , what does n't kill you ... .
NEU roobs . listen out between 1pm and 2pm .
POS mornin all . had a really good club run last night , a hilly 7 miles . for the last few weeks i 've got back to the club feeling like a complete wreck , as i 've linked in with a group of runners who are a bit faster than me , and several times around the course i 've been puffing and panting so hard and thinking ... . . i ca n't do this ... ... i ca n't do this , but just about hanging on in there . anyway last night , i got back feeling ok ... in fact as high as a kite as i kept up , with only feeling the ` omegod i ca n't do this ' once , and that was up a long hill , but did it . strange how your body -LRB- or my body anyway -RRB- seems to struggle along at the same pace for so long , then suddenly feels better one night for no apparent reason . just hope it stays . probably the tough speed session last week helped ? will rest achilees now 'till club run -LRB- about 5-6 miles -RRB- on friday , then try and get round 13.5-14 mile course on sunday , in last sundays time of around 1.53 ish . not bothered if i do n't , but nice to have something to aim at . good luck to all those of you in races this weekend .
POS crikey - so much positive stuff on this thread . well done all you racers , good to switch on the laptop read through the weekends postings . our house resembled emergency ward 10 this weekend with both small children badly ; one recovering from an op and beginning to milk it somewhat -LRB- he is male -RRB- the other -LRB- female -RRB- quietly ill on the sofa with some kid-like lurgy . managed to run never the less . 6.5 ish easy miles on saturday -LRB- no gadgets at all so no pressure , which i prefer for this type of run -RRB- 12 miles this afternoon , kept up a decent pace in view of the fact i was n't going mega long and averaged 8.25 mm on an undulating route . did what i always do and started slow -LRB- 9mm , 8.40-8 .45 s -RRB- then picked up the pace as the run went on to 8-8 .15 mm . the last 3 miles of this route are pretty much all climb so it 's tough to pick but the pace further but useful training i feel . good running all .
NEU what 's more -LRB- i 'm sorry if i sound a bit full of myself -RRB- but whilst checking the edinburgh marathon website i noticed the age qulification based on half-marathons is 1:35:00 which is only 2 min 30 secs faster than my pb . does anyone know of a flat half near london in the next two months !
POS dan a - only a couple of miles from me . it would be nice to recoup the cost of my new apartment in prize money , but i guess i 'd have to win the flm for that . any good team prizes - i can think of 3 other local 29 - 32min guys ... ?
NEU hrr - feel sure you could gfa at edin . have you found any suitable looking halves yet ? what about leicester ? entries shut on weds this week but they 're saying that , because there are some postal strikes , it 's best to enter online . there 's a course profile - does n't look too bad except at mile 8 but i 'm not sure if it 's a hill or just a slight incline . i 'm not v. good at judging things , altitude-wise . . leicester marathon site .
NEU nickm ... you can keep the congratulations at the back of the cupboard and get them out another time ... i have re read the post and i now see what you mean ... i wondered why you were devestated : -0 ... still a nice run though ...
POS about 5 times laugh out loud
NEU afternoon all , . done my last pre-leicester run yesterday a slow 3.8 miles in 33-18 , if i could run at that pace for another 22miles i would be very pleased -LRB- approx 3-49 marathon -RRB- i wish . . chest still feels a little tight and i have a niggly cough but should be ok but i know i have not done enough long runs , none over 18miles . ozy weather sounds good for sunday , sounds like you are getting better , hope to see you at the start . beders , a hatrick your totp mojo is back hope the running is going well .
NEU ode i 'll mail you tonight mate , cheers as will be ordering these lights asap . omfg , i 'm now 10th in the marathon alltime list . . this is n't good . . literally holding on by my fingernails is n't nice . . about to drop into the abyss . right , where 's a local marathon EMO_HAPPY . pug EMO_HAPPY
NEG if you bequeathed and do n't get a place , when do you know that you 've been unsuccessful ?
POS have a good break , debstir , and come back rested and refreshed to start your training ! beachy is next saturday .
NEG bah , stupid halifax ! nothing at all there , of any description . do n't despair people - there 's always tomorrow ! ed - go to bed !
POS ` those socks ' obviously referring to these beauties . but would other people wear them if they thought they would help to win races ?
NEU caro i understand completely . it will go , honest . but you really do need to take it easy til that cold clears . a couple of years ago i had a runner with one of my groups who had a cold . she ran with me and we did speed reps. she ended up with double pneumonia ! so be warned . rest and lots of warm fluids is best . when they say feed a cold i think they mean just to ensure you have plenty of vitamins and minerals etc -LRB- from the days when people had really bad diets -RRB- so lots of vitamin c and do as much -LRB- or little -RRB- as you feel up to .
POS the dangerous book for boys is a superb read ! i got one for my birthday , loads of handy things in there including how to win at conkers and how to build the ultimate treehouse .
NEU coxy . i can see there buildings from my window . what have i done , ive just entered the benfleet 15 on 27th january multi terrain . and iam a bit of a woosie in muddy conditions . oh well chin dtb you will be on the mend soon iam sure .
POS looking at the route , i like the idea of the later stages on day 1 in epping forest and the north downs way sections on day 2 . not too long , and quite hilly .
NEU richard , are the programs available online somewhere ?
POS hi all , went out for a short run on the track . lots of wind and rain managed to run at a comfortable pace . this gives me confidence to try and achieve 35 min or there abouts in the 5 mile race on sunday . it will be a pb what ever happens as i have never done a 5 mile race before . 4.3 miles .11 m/m = 30m57s ave hr 164-82 % max hr 186 max speed 12.6 mph .
NEU dl . 2 weeks is n't so bad , and its good timing for family brownie points . get the swimming done instead .
POS just get out and run - you know the basics - build in rest days and work on building distance . try a run tomorrow to see where you are in terms of fitness .
POS have fun everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEU pug , i raced 3 times and did intervals between crimbo and new years day : -0 . jej , either you complimented me for my efforts or you are calling me slow for taking so long to do the miles : -0
NEU oh yes of course dave - they come in handy for wading through fields of horse poo and mud ! right . off for my 6-8 miles before my group tonight . got a beginner starting so be back to run/walk for a bit . happy training EMO_HAPPY
POS wardi i failed to run sub 1.30 at milton keyneshm 06 and shortly after ran a 3.01 pb at abingdon 06 . i would n't get too down about a performance in just one race . i remember talking to you post flm07 . my advice -LRB- for what it 's worth -RRB- is just keep working . i have run 4 pb 's in 2007 , having started road racing aged 46 . sadly none over the marathon distance , but i 'm convinced by the way i feel that i 'm still getting faster and stronger the more i train . i am lucky enough to sometimes chat to rivals . one of them told me they started aged 38 and reckoned they peaked at 52 . the guy is now 58 and considerably faster than me . keep on trucking . it 's a long road , but hopefully we will both get our over 50 sub 3 . best wishes . dull .
NEU the ocd got the better of the cnba , so i went out for the lunchtime reps session4 x -LRB- 5 min hard + 30 sec off + 1 min hard + 90 sec off -RRB- the last long rep was stopped halfway as the lead guy went over on his ankle - he was ok , so after a couple of minutes we finished with a fast 3 min . a tough session , esp when running into the wind . . like joolska , i do n't mind occasionally running for charity , but i do n't like assumption that the two go hand in hand by default . when mrsc and i got married in '06 we took the view that as we had being living together for the previous 11 yrs , already had 2 kids , mortgage etc we did n't want wedding presents so we asked people to sponsor us . our friends/family were very generous at the time , so i would n't want to ask people again .
POS good running martin ! does n't matter if runs are a little shorter than the schedule , would n't worry too much . back from my intervals , really enjoyed them yet again - yay ! did 7 x 800m fast with 2 min recoveries . still do n't do them spectacularly fast , think the fastest averaged 7.30 mm pace and the slowest was around 10 !! -LRB- v. steep hill though -RRB- . quick question re : hill-running . do you guys run hills on your toes ??? feels like such an amateur question to ask , but have only just noticed what a different it makes , it 's incredible !! however , right big toenail is black again and very weak , so not sure they like it so much .
NEG afternoon all . another outbreak of sensibility this end . had a carp night , kept waking up cos of the lurgy , so decided to forego the planned lsr and slept instead . no running til monday at the earliest this end now . still , at least i got 50 + in the bag . just a shame i missed out on the other planned 40 ... . sorry to see there 's other lurgified folks , but better now than 2-3 months time ! do n't know what 's going on with everybody being sensible . must be something in the water ! at this rate i reckon next week will be primarily slow mileage again , which will leave me with a 9 week build up and a 2 week taper . should be more than enough to get my tergat i think . gatorade - league ? km - i wear adidas supernova cushion too . have you found a replacement for them cos the new models are wider across the midfoot , or does that not affect you ? good luck to all weekend racers .
NEU hey gd , . just popped over from the other thread to say hi ! i too am trying to lose weight and do n't eat meat and a finding it tricky . does anyone have the link for nam & bear 's thread ? i ca n't seem to find it . hope you manage to fix your problem !
POS count your blessings , eh !
POS afternoon folks . nice to see your back trin.rich made me laugh the other week describing the ice baths you get him to take after any run over 15 miles.he says he keeps stopping at 14.99 miles !! EMO_HAPPY . he 's nearly convinced me its a good idea ... well done on surviving the river bank rollick rich . i 've never fancied it as every year the conditions seem to be appalling ! nice to see the monument route on your dream team page.welcome to hogweed country !! hope you all enjoy your long runs this weekend.at least it should be dry here in brizzle .
POS brave man blisters . be a warrior , it is your destiny . good luck
POS blisters top running , great effort . . the forum shows theres been some good training this weekend . i managed my first ever 18 mile run on sunday , tried to make it slow as recommended , but ran it in 2hr 17 mins -LRB- maybe a bit too fast for 1st time on longest ever run -RRB- . at the end felt tired and realising just how far 26 miles really is . . today i went for what was supposed to be a short slow run with a friend who is also running flm . unfortunately friend is very fast experienced runner -LRB- around 3hr for marathon -RRB- and i wanted to try and keep up . we did 9.3 mile cross country in 1hr 8min felt like nearly tempo pace due to wet boggy ground . i am going to take it slower for rest of week , but feel good -LRB- no aches or pains -RRB- .
NEU i have n't touched alcohol since the day i bought my first car 23 years ago , so it 's not an issue for me . kenyan hills tonight - 3 x 10 minutes with 2 minutes recovery between the sessions . averaged around 6:40 pace with the heartbeat average and max slowly climbing until the last few laps had a peak of 167 and an average of 166 ! safe to say i could n't have gone much harder . quite a satisfying session though , if only my shins were n't so sore afterwards . time for a soak in the bath i think .
NEU for me , sore knees means i need a new pair of trainers . how old are yours ? you might also want to look at ` shock absorbing ' inserts for you trainers - sorbothane inserts are what i use . try running offroad also . dave
NEU lardarse - haile only got to half way last year . be careful copying him ! gels and jelly babies seem identical in content , and i 've used both . for the race last year , i carried a couple of gels but did n't actually use them . the lucozade sport seemed to work fine for me . for training runs , i do n't bother with gels or any food . the idea on long slow runs is to train your body to burn fat and slowly deplete the available muscle glycogen , so i feel it counterproductive to fuel during the run . as for one jelly baby per mile - whatever works for you really . be aware that you will burn 100-150 calories each mile , so any food intake for fuel replacement will make a relatively small impact -LRB- unless you can consume 100 calories per mile , in which case you will struggle to force it down ! -RRB- . timing-wise , the earlier you consume the better . nothing you eat after 18 or so miles will make any difference , as it takes a fair amount of time to metabolise the gel / food . same principle for water - drink early before you are really thirsty , rather than playing catch-up with fluids later in the race .
POS hope you manage an extra few hours kip , tracey .
NEU yes , you do . but you 're allowed coz it is your thread EMO_HAPPY . good run rich . these long one are getting hard now are n't they .
NEG thing is , i did n't think you could post unless you were a subscriber .
POS thanks jools , will appreciate the support .
POS do n't worry doodle ! had a massage last night and seeing the physio tomorrow morning and have been icing all yesterday . unfortunately my knees have a tendency to do this marathon training or not . but it 's much better today . thanks EMO_HAPPY how are you fairing ? lucy i totally agree about the speedwork , it 's all about just getting round in one piece this time and working on speed after that !
NEU brian . run slower in the 20 so not to kill yourself . rb . patience . pp . good to see more common sense being used
NEG tootie really sorry to hear about your bath experience . i have to say that most of my own worst running experiences have come in really big races . i much prefer less congestion and fewer fat joggers in headphones , too many clothes , carrying 10 gels and 2 water bottles who stupidly line up in the sub-1 :30 pens getting in my way . less hanging about at the start when the fields are smaller too . . so well done on merely suriving that horrible experience . chin up lass !
NEG padams - must have been a small chap ... you better had over your prize before he gets angry
NEU hi everyone . ive had a couple of gym sessions this week , just taking it easy , well done on the 9mile run during the week caz i wish i could find the time and the energy . i 'm not running for any charity this time , i do the great north run every year and raise for diabetes uk , i know when i 'm on the start line i will feel guilty for not raising anything and you see the tshirts and charity tops but i just didnt want the hassle this time round . good luck with everyones fund raising efforts , i know how hard it can be . what day is everyone going to the expo , im going on saturday morning as im travelling down on the 6.00 am train from durham .
NEU gatton did you get out for your 10 miler today ?
NEU due to my lack of hair - i might tie the two tone ribbons round my neck and then when you are passing you can pull me along with you - a bit like i pull my aged dog with me when i run !! ;--RRB-
NEG oh dear , i just check the weather for paris - 4 and light snow , we will be giving out hot toddies along the way . i hope it is not that cold for us .
NEU what bej said but + about 5 seconds for 14.59 . i ended up 4th and was beaten into 3rd by a guy who cheated as he had n't run the extra distance ;--RRB- . one more decent session to go and i 'm hoping to be close to 100 % for it , if not , i 'm hoping to at least be 100 % for the big day !
NEG padams . not in great shape , but still waiting in the wings . . would be a real bummer if this late someone gets a knock/flu and there was no one trained up ready to step in . still such is the quality of the squad , though i think you 'd crack the record with just 11 . dull .
NEG i had a quick squint at the website and ca n't see any way of tracking participants -LRB- not that we know race numbers of phil , br , hilly , etc. . . -RRB- . right , must stop wasting time on t ` internet or i 'll never get out of the office in daylight !
NEU mister w ?????
NEU or a tray of chips and gravy .
POS < < < pops into thread to drop off bags of jelly babies for carbo loading > > >
NEG can even shout and sulk with myself too
NEU my computer
POS just completed my last run before sunday , 3.37 m @ 8:12 pace , that 's me done .
NEG i 'm not wearing them , have done no training in them and they are far too short for my trainers , someone told me they were onyl to raise awreness this year not for the money .
NEU marigold . nice one - this is who you 're looking for . did 3 or 4 miles after work and some strides . knee still aches but wtf , after 20m i bet everything else will hurt too .
POS timely xpost - thanks crab
NEU i would recommend waiting at least two weeks before signing up to any more marathons . i signed up to two just after flm 2006 - spent the year training for marathons . having said that i have also signed up for flm '09 but mostly to keep my rejection count up . if i get a place next year it will defo . be done as a fun run with some outfit or other - no ladies cloths or underwear though as i saw quite enough of that on sunday during the race .
POS i cant make friday but how about we all meet sometime and run along the embankment to westminster and then along birdcage walk and round to the finish line !!!! if we do it in the summer we could have a picnic and bubbly in the park afterwards ? EMO_HAPPY
POS i 've just heard about the easy easy ... wish i could of seen that !!! if any one has that on video please put on a link . . mick n phil please leave a post so we no how you to are feeling with the day !!! ;--RRB-
POS hi folks , . bit nervous about posting in here amongst proper serious runners but i am looking for a little advice and perspective , if possible ? long story short is that i began running in late summer 2005 and completed the dublin marathon in oct 05 in 4:23 . since then i have finished a further 6 in progressivly faster times until i hit 3:15:06 in rotterdam at the weekend . i 've also done a couple of 10k races as ` sharpeners ' , the most recent of which was ~ 600m short and i finsihed in a race time of 37:5 x , so i figure it would have been ~ 40min mark for the full race distance . training stayed pretty static at 30ish miles until the last marathon where i upped it to around 35 - 45 miles per week on average and brought in speed work for the first time . having finsihed rotterdam feeling fairly strong -LRB- last three miles were all under 7:06 min/mile pace -RRB- i have this mad idea that i couldgo a bit faster . current plan is to focus on a 10k race at the end of june -LRB- i 've never focussed on a 10k before and it 'll be interesting to see how fast i can go -RRB- and then a marathon in oct. but i have this mad idea that - with proper speedwork and more miles - i might get close to teh magic 3 . am i being delusional ?
POS bootsie - abingdon is a nice marathon . it was my first marathon .
NEG i 've never been to a medium . it was as much as i could do to drop below extra large .
NEG ff . do n't they ask for your competition licence number to get the affiliated discount ? all races from 1 april this year are meant to do that ...
POS yes , there are some places that are reserved just for people who bequeath their entry fee .
NEU i got through to the thank you page on the flm site but have not had any confirmation emails and am in limbo
NEU well not too hopeful trig as i 've done flm twice , so doubt i 'll be lucky again lol . even if i was in , unlikely you 'd get to cane me , you 'd have to catch me first laugh out loud ;--RRB-
POS i 'm doing bristol plodding bod . its a great race - see you there . i 'm feeling better after a bottle of wine -LRB- hic -RRB- . no money but 2 bottles of champagne already in the fridge so the weekend ca n't be too bad :-p
NEG broke my treadmill last night . started smelling like a bonfire and would not change gradient . thought best to get off . anyone know any contacts that can fix ` tunturi ' treadmills ?
POS hi susan , yes the team runners do run with the full mara - you can only identify them by their freshness and their numbers EMO_HAPPY
POS no i did not laugh out loud i just do not know what happened there ???? i know i will be beaming all the way home tomorrow ! not bothered i have to stop at schiphol airport 3 hours i will just sit with a glass of wine and watch the world go round EMO_HAPPY . i am not sure i can go any lower !!! i said it was my last but we always say that . thanks for all the support everyone ! i am so pleased i came back on the thread . i only left last year as was so low after london and lost lots of confidence now i have found it again !
NEU well that 's it for me - the last , slow , sluggish 4 miles of training complete at lunchtime so it 's time to put me feet up and eat , eat , eat . i can do no more , what will be will be , etc. setting off at lunchtime tomorrow - it 's a different country after all , so must take ages to get to . rb - wo n't be joining you for the meal , but are you still looking to tootle down to the start from haymarket on sunday morning ? i 'll have the family with me so i 'll be going at pushchair pace , but let me know if you want someone to wander down with .
NEG good luck with your training plans susie and tootie . ca n't advise dids on a new garmin . i have been leading an economist 's awayday in birmingham for 2 days , which was very successful i think . and before that i was at my sister 's 4th wedding celebrations in colchester . but i need a new knee . i went for a run on sunday morning , despite the ache in my knee . got to 6.7 miles and i had to stop and walk the remaining 3 miles home as i could n't bend my right knee any more - it was agony . since then i have been icing it and taking nurofen and walking backwards downstairs . the pain has reduced , but i jogged 1.5 miles while coaching last night , and it 's not good enough to run on yet . very fed up . . off to bristol shortly .
POS another quality mileage week from tt - just looking at your target hm time compared to last year shows it 's obviously working well for you . 19 miles for me tonight , pity only 1 of them was running but good to do a bit anyway . my 9 min mile this evening was slightly more comfortable than fridays so at least i know i 'm not making it worse with my 1 mile jogs . average speed for the bike ride was 18.1 mph with a cadence average of 91.6 so a nice improvement on the same route as friday . starting to really enjoy this cycling malarky .
NEU matilda frances frith arrived at 0056 today after 29 hrs in labour , with3 1/2 pushing at the end . can only be described as brutal , i feel like i have done 10 rounds in the ring with mike tyson . however , of course she is gorgeous , but if there are ever to be anymore , it 's epidural all the way ! 3.1 kg -LRB- 6lb 13oz -RRB- so dave wins the wt , my dad won the date - was n't a fix i promise ! have n't slept really since mon morning so off to bed for me , until someone needs boobage . thanks for thinking of me , will post pics soon .
POS i go away for a week , and it takes hours to catch up . actually i 'm still away , but whiled away an hour while it was raining in sw france to log on via the wonders of a mini-laptop and campsite wi-fi . loads of congrats to the sub-35 cew at yateley -LRB- gobi , jap , tt & jock -RRB- , belated congrats to jools for her win , and to pug for racing again , plus marders , bej and others , especially wtgy who was dead unlucky to miss out on a sub-37 . nice to see crab , pug , brian and njord all making an appearance as well . training in france is going ok . it 's a brilliant area for running with miles of tarmac bike paths through the forests and along the coast road . a bit hot and hilly in places , but that 's good . also being doing some decent beach running . the beach is about 100 miles long , so you can just run as long as you like and then head back . about 60 miles for the week , including 15 miles of barefoot beach running , plus lots of sea swimming , been trying to do about 600m per day , although when there 's a current , it 's impossible to go by distance - yesterday i swam for 10 minutes and moved 10 metres - today i swam about 1000m with less effort .
POS morning all , . great running cj . i took part in a friendly experiment this morning and ran 8 miles at 8 min mile pace with an avghr of 116 . . i can honestly say i found it hard to run so slowly .
NEU i 've stopped giggling , lyndy so you just ignore this ` orrible lot !! ;--RRB-
POS i love porridge - i would eat it every day with a bit of honey -LRB- and a spoon -RRB- - although , to be truthful , i have n't actually eaten it since before london . bit dead on here today so may go a wonder and find some other poor sods to bother - the edinburgh lot are always very chatty .
POS cheers for the sock links/comments . my issues with them though is simply that they tend to stick in all the wrong places on me -LRB- same places with every pair i 've tried -RRB- . as a result i gave up wearing socks a few months back and feel better for it . the only slight niggle is the insoles on the streaks . may try glue them back and see if that does it . gobi - why braver ? for not wearing socks full stop or for not wearing them until it gets really cold ? not a bad tip there jools . i like that . 10m with a bit of pmp work thrown in at lunchtime . felt a bit rubbish at first -LRB- though hr was where it should be -RRB- , presumably from having a carp night 's sleep -LRB- jr is a little poorly at the moment so woke up a few times -RRB- , but loosened/woke up eventually . done my usual by looking for consistent splits on feel -LRB- with an occasional glance at the watch to confirm -RRB- and felt much better as it progressed . i even felt good enough to open up a bit for part of the last mile and have a bit of fun . warming up nicely here too . i was covered in goose bumps at the start , but it was quite nice by the time i finished ...
POS hmm , quiet today ! i 'm feeling better , and am just back from a bike ride . i still freak out riding a bike on the road with cars , but i 'll have to get used to it . love those trails , though ! thanks for all the support , guys ! EMO_HAPPY
POS eps , brid is not flat , but it 's not hilly either . gentle inclines , which makes it reasonably fast but more interesting . route takes you north thru bempton and out towards flamboro , then back via sewerby . nice run in thru the park and then on the front for the last mile or so . tt , nice stats
NEU tt/jools - good points , well presented . no more chips in the bath for me . gobi - no photos from the mk 1/2 at all , i did try !
NEG dave you are no use to me at all .
POS great time puffy - any news from dalya ? quite a story ll ! - sounds like a nice guy ... ... off to the shops to get some gravy . .
NEU sue c - never have i ever thought that the length of a recovery is too long ! you are even more of a masochist than me . sounds like a great session , i also can never cope with more than 5 reps.
POS send my love to brad while you 're with george , diana ! mr d and i have spent the day at a parentcraft session today - 9.30 til 2.30 so was a bit hard going ! lots to take in but got to see all the places where we 'll be when dumpling makes his/her appearance . . nowt else to report i 'm afraid . think i 've overdone it this week - feeling very , very tired so i might have a little snooze before dinner ! good luck to all racers tomorrow . look forward to hearing all of your race reports . . EMO_HAPPY
NEU rb , . i fancy a pair of those , i 've got a voucher for i think 12.5 % at ss , just on the back of a race number . but i 'm not likely to be going to nearest one for a while , and certainly not without mrs ! do you know if i can use the voucher for mail order , shall i just give local shop a call and see what they 'll do for me ? ta . -LRB- still ca n't get those feckin bold buttons to work -RRB-
POS huge thanks susan and chi for supporting my bid for fame !
NEU how to choose ? . going on the choices for the gnr super six , it seems to me that the criteria is to have a range of ages/ability/experience , which is fair enough that way there should be something in the resulting traing programmes and blogs to help everyone on their way . to be honest if i were a judge i 'd sort the entries into non-starters -LRB- basically those who have n't followed the rules - the main one being 250 words ! -RRB- and then have an idea of the categories i was after and sort the rest into those , see if there were any stand out winners or losers , if not chuck them in a hat and draw out a winner for each catagory . while there are a few entries that pull on the heart strings , most are hard to distinguish as being any more worthwhile than another -LRB- mine being one of those -RRB- . anyway as i see it my method of choosing is probably the only way i 'll win ! ;--RRB-
NEU hi i think are w , s could help me , when i was forty i did 2.57 , i would like to try do that again or better now that i , am fifty , my running club had two place , i tried to get one , but was unlucky again , so it could be a good birthday present , ten day , s late ... please EMO_HAPPY . . thanks . danny mclaughlin . .
NEU hi , my name is susan , nearly the dreaded 41 . my brief running history is as follows ... . dont blink or you 'll miss it ! . avoided running at school and afterwards , then i joined the fire service and learned to run with ladders and heavy pumps etc. scroll forward 10 years and i discovered that i enjoyed running -LSB- without ladders and fire kit ! -RSB- and did a 10k in about 52 minutes . scroll forward again to getting a promotion which entailed a 90 minute commute each day which effectively killed my free running time . now , working back near home and getting back into fitness . at the gym doing fitness classes a few times a week and running occasionally with my border collie pup . current goals - hubby has done 6 half marathons and i need to do a full one to beat him ! -LCB- not that he eveer mentions it - ha ! -RCB- plus i want to run off the stone + i have put on with commuting , deskjob and drinking wine ! i know i enjoy running once i get back into it . marathon goal - to get round in daylight hours and raise lots of money for the firefighters charity , the stroke association and my local hospital who looked after my dad so well . reasons for deserving this ... well , i am sure there will be more deserving than me and good luck to all of you but , on a serious note , my family has had a hard three years after my dad had a stroke and he has recently died . i have been involved with mum and dad making sure everything is ok with them and the pressure for those years has been tremendous , then my dad 's death and everything that goes with it , add onto that a very busy role at work , running a home , family , horse and small business too . . my blogs wo n't be boring but brace yourselves for tales of blood , blisters and snot !
POS not long now mr m
NEU dull - nice running at the xc . i was a no show , it became logistically difficult . . woke up with a sore throat , not a good sign .
POS hellooo EMO_HAPPY
NEG minni . you have me thinking now . have i put the wrong name down - if so sorry
NEU what is pmp ?
NEU sympathies , wotsit . would n't it be nice to know what brings on those terrible , energyless runs . and also - though rare for me - those days where it 's all effortless and you float along and you just feel like you can go faster and faster . if this is the end of week 4 , is n't there a 5m or 10k race scheduled for you , wotsit , this weekend ? i 'm doing the watford half , which the organisers pretend is undulating . last year i heard someone say at the bottom of yet another hill ` the last time i saw a hill this steep i had skis on ' . this year we might have weather fit for skiing - forecast temp -2 to +2 , chance of snow , winds 17mph . lovely .
NEU dd does your knee cause you a lot of pain ? i have finally just bought my own tens machine rather than borrowing my mother 's and it is a great help . it 'll keep me going til after flm anyway then i can have it all opened up .
NEG an hour in the pool this morning . took 15 mins to clear the snow off the car !
NEG various niggles seem to have got worse over the last couple of days , particularly an achilles problem i 've had for two weeks since watford hm , seemingly worsened by the long run in deep snow last weekend . so had a rest day yesterday and will take it easy now until bramley . . i 'm going to stick with my 6:15 , 6:00 , 5:45 , 5:45 plan for now but may well change my mind and go for something slower depending how i feel in the first couple of miles . . bramley . bej - 1:55 - odd . edb - 1:58:45 . padams - 1:58 . tipptop - 1:59:59 .
NEU chips EMO_HAPPY
POS good stuff sue c those 2 mile reps definitely the worst of the faster running . good running too joe hawk - i am also on the rw schedule but have to say struggling a bit this week - blame overdoing hills on tuesday but 11 miles last night was hardest for weeks . and still have 8 at mp and my first 20 to do . . tr , i 'm doing christchurch but taking 10 mile option . what pace are you going to run ?
NEU welcome carlo , sorry can not offer advice on shoes other than try another running shop and see what they recomend . ian , forgot to say , i am running the essex 20 as well , i will be running in a southend athletics vest -LRB- short woman with dark hair , spanish looking -RRB- , say hello if you see me .
NEG minni , i 'm the opposite . this morning i was perfectly happy out on the roads on my own , but once i got into the woods i started to get antsy -LRB- possibly because they back onto a fairly dodgy estate though -RRB- . i imagine murderers , rapists and savage dogs around every corner . in fact the dogs are not imagined .
POS m diddy - thats a great 20 miler , well done . went and did the 5 x 1200 session that astride challenged me to , and despite feeling a bit peaky today and yesterday , it went well . after a 2.3 m w/u @ 7:13 , the reps went 4:33 , 4:28 , 4:26 , 4:25 & 4:26 , then 2.3 home @ 7:12 . . i 've lost 6lbs since friday . that ca n't be good , can it ? mind you , i felt quite sprightly and nippy today , so maybe the old body is adapting to the constant instructions being given it ?
NEU lots of aspirations go out the window ! i have had a week off here and there in previous run-ups and been fine . if you have not done a mara before sub 4 is the big goal . took me 6 goes to get it !
POS i 'm starting off gently with a little 30miler then next year i am hoping to do the moonlight challenge and the 50 mile challenge . hmmmm may have to do that race . are you doing harvel benyo ? tea is made , got some yoghurts today as well
POS by the way on the subject of awards -LRB- few pages back -RRB- i popped into work the other day with little coxy pip and was very suspicious when the management team appeared down in the coffee lounge where i was catching up with a friend and started gathering round us . turned out was to present me with an award for outstanding contribution ! not bad eh whilst on maternity . turns out was for something i did just before going off to have the little one . very chuffed ! EMO_HAPPY . umbongo - i hope your chest is ok ? take it easy on your next run . what marathon are you signed up for this spring ?
NEU afternoon hairy . . trust you to smell the cake !
NEU lee - look here for buffs . and woo-hoo for the not-no-running physio ! hope the strapped up knee holds out . glad buffs are good for snot , i always have to carry tissue on long runs because i am an avid producer of snot .
NEU any more banana jokes and i 'll skin you alive EMO_HAPPY . -LRB- have n't read back , so if that 's been done - tough ! -RRB- . oh , and good evening , group 7 .
NEU thats good that 9mm feels easy . i remember doing a 12 mile mp run 2 weeks before my last marathon , i wouldnt have described it as easy , not hard either though , somewhere between if that makes sense . on race day i ended up averaging that pace so the fact that it felt easy is a very good sign . just run 2 miles to and from the gym to do 30 mins at the gym . legs could tell they had done something hard yesterday and hr was way higher than normal . am not going to running club tommorrow night , instead i will do some very slow miles on my own
POS nice one wardi - it was probably ode
NEG limper -LRB- or is it supreme limper -RRB- it is on its way -LRB- blowing clouds chichester direction EMO_HAPPY -RRB-
NEG oh poo . . yes macs do that sometimes . .
POS hello ady !
POS thanks nam ...
NEU limper wrote . being treated badly does make you a bit suspiscious of fellas though does n't it ? i got a weeny bit chatted up in the pub last week - all i could think was ` if you 're about my age , where 's you wife and what lies have you told her ' . very negative and sweeping view i know , but i am more than a little sore still . bear - do you remember the ice lolly at the top of cocking hill during vrap 's trail walk a few years back ? i 'm not such a bad old stick really am i ?! '' . i do indeed ! i 'd forgotten that was you though EMO_HAPPY . the making you suspicious cuts both ways .
POS or a 5ft yellow banana with your name written on it in big letters . it was a godsend last year .
POS yes gm everyone did smile ... EMO_HAPPY . rio about 11 / 12 o'clock
NEU sue , i really felt for you . your head did n't seem to be in the right place when i saw you . i 'm glad to hear that you stuck with it . you still ran a very good time . do n't forget you 've been ill and the heat would n't have helped . are you still doing edinburgh ? remember i missed my super six target at the gnr but smashed it 3 weeks later . i really enjoyed most of my first marathon . will write a report when i 'm back home tomorrow night . i 'm in agony now though . quads are screaming , nasty blisters and i 've done something to my left knee EMO_HAPPY
POS yep - plenty of jokes yesterday at mudchute about the race numbers having virgin on instead of flora , things like ` ooh i have n't had a virgin on my chest for a while ' and stuff like that !
POS fantastic captain - well done ... and to you too agt - cracking + attitude ! i looked for cg at the start but the fgfa was a bit of a free for all . i lined up with two clubmates and they were ` supposedly ' in different pens having different numbers to me ... the toilet at teh fgfa made me laugh ... the geordie comic stating that it was def not a wet race as i was lined up with 30 or 40 blokes all p & pound ; ssing up against a tarpaulin sheet ... the organisation was spot on but one query ... for those on red . did anyone else think the first two mile markers were a little out ? i was desp to keep hand brake on and sailed past mile 1 in 6.14 ?? and then at mile two i got taken by the rw 7.00 mm train steaming past on the pavement and that was at 13.30 - ok 6.45 mm for them to get settled but they really stormed past in a hurry . once red and blue mixed i pulled the reins and put less coal in the bucket . not been able to log on to vflm yet ... are there details for the gfa process ?
NEG not having any luck at all . ca n't even get onto the contact us page . lots of sweary words . they need to come up with a better way of entering the ballot .
POS if you have any adidas outlet stores by you - they sometimes sell race kit off cheap aaages after the event .
POS sub 3:30 or bust ... you set up this inspirational forum and have to say -LRB- as a fellow spurs fan-well i 'm guessing from the cockrell !! -RRB- if you were up to 50 miles in may last year its there and depending on whereabouts in scotland you might have quite a bit of running potential in them parts !! thanks for getting this going as it helped spur me on -LRB- really no pun intended there ! -RRB- with the others who joined in . a sub 4 is well within reach ... as i know someone who only got back into running this year to finish in 4.30 and she had done nothing for years !! so its possible . good luck .
NEU edinburgh . tipptop . berlin . coro . peahead . marmite . eden project . stuart little . leicester . odeon . abingdon . rwh . hilly . br . njord . dublin . tipptop . need to return to abingdon to pick up the pieces of my hamstring that i left somewhere around mile 24 . great reports guys and gals . plenty of mental and physical pain shown out there on sunday - which is what it is all about , is n't it ?
POS tr - got the sportive in the diary , should be good .
POS well i nearly had 2 weeks off ... went for a 5 miler and how slow was i. ... i think i could walk faster than this pre marathon , how can you lose so much fitness in 2 weeks , it is scary ... i am just gon na take it easy with 3-5 mile runs for the next few weeks with no consecutive days and no speedwork until seen physio - got my letter today , only been 2 days - who said nhs is slow . however on a positive note , i have entered the silverstone half again next year - with my dad . he does not run but has set it as his goal . he has a few stone to lose and had a heart bypass several years ago and a heart attack , but was so inspired by me completing the marathon that he is giving this a go - gon na start slowly with lots of walking and take it from there - that has got to be right up there with completing the marathon itself - to be able to influence somebody like that kind of leaves me a bit choked ... i feel super super super proud . my sis is also gon na start in the next few days - so a right family affair happening here . EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY EMO_HAPPY . know what you mean about logging the food , i am trying not to add everything to favourites as that would speed the logging process and encourage me to eat more - not a good idea . ht do it do it , you know you want to . we will all support you along the way
NEG right , tmap , in that case i 'm never doing berlin - i was in hospital for over a week when i was 7 and it was n't an accident ...
POS glad that you 're back out there and enjoying it gatton ! EMO_HAPPY
NEU yes 2old - the faster gfa runners have their own area at the front of the red start , the rest go from the green start behind the celebrities . you 're probably going to ask what constitutes a faster gfa time but i do n't know . all based on what happened this year , there 's no accounting for what may happen in the glorious new virgin world .
